“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”―Oscar Wilde
“I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.”―Marilyn Monroe
“So many books, so little time.”―Frank Zappa
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.”―Albert Einstein
“A room without books is like a body without a soul.”―Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.”―Bernard M. Baruch
“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.”―William W. Purkey
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”―Dr. Seuss
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”―Mae West
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.”―Robert Frost
“If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“Don’t walk in front of me… I may not followDon’t walk behind me… I may not leadWalk beside me… just be my friend”―Albert Camus
“If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.”―Mark Twain
“Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .”―C.S. Lewis,The Four Loves
“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”―Maya Angelou
“A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.”―Elbert Hubbard
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”―Oscar Wilde
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.”―Oscar Wilde
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”―Martin Luther King Jr.,A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“We accept the love we think we deserve.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“Without music, life would be a mistake.”―Friedrich Nietzsche,Twilight of the Idols
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.”―Oscar Wilde,The Happy Prince and Other Stories
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.”―Narcotics Anonymous
“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”―Andre Gide,Autumn Leaves
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.”―H. Jackson Brown Jr.,P.S. I Love You
“The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”―Jane Austen,Northanger Abbey
“It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”―Marilyn Monroe
“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”―Albert Einstein
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”―Mark Twain
“As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.”―Oscar Wilde,Lady Windermere's Fan
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”―Neil Gaiman,Coraline
“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.”―William Shakespeare,As You Like It
“It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.”―Maurice Switzer,Mrs. Goose, Her Book
“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).”―Mark Twain
“Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”―Allen Saunders
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”―Bill Keane
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”―Thomas A. Edison
“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”―Elie Wiesel
“The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.”―Mark Twain
“A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.”―Eleanor Roosevelt
“I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.”―douglas adams,The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul
“If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.”―Gordon A. Eadie
“Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.”―Groucho Marx,The Essential Groucho: Writings For By And About Groucho Marx
“I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
“I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”―Albert Einstein
“Love all, trust a few,Do wrong to none: be able for thine enemyRather in power than use; and keep thy friendUnder thy own life's key: be check'd for silence,But never tax'd for speech.”―William Shakespeare,All's Well That Ends Well
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.”―Neil Gaiman,The Sandman, Vol. 9: The Kindly Ones
“I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.”―Dr. Seuss
“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”―Steve Martin
“A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.”―George R.R. Martin,A Dance with Dragons
“Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.”―Mark Twain
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.”―Lao Tzu
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...”―Dr. Seuss,Oh, the Places You’ll Go!
“That which does not kill us makes us stronger.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”―George Eliot
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.”―Douglas Adams,The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.”―Mother Teresa
“I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.”―Sarah Dessen,The Truth About Forever
“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.”―Maya Angelou,I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.”―Albert Einstein
“If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.”―Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood
“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.”―Robert A. Heinlein,Stranger in a Strange Land
“Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.”―Garrison Keillor
“Everything you can imagine is real.”―Pablo Picasso
“I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.”―Jorge Luis Borges
“Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.”―Robert A. Heinlein
“We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.”―Anaïs Nin
“Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.”―Dr. Seuss
“You love me. Real or not real?"I tell him, "Real.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”―C.S. Lewis
“Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.”―Lemony Snicket,Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
“We read to know we're not alone.”―William Nicholson,Shadowlands: A Play
“Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”―George Bernard Shaw
“All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.”―Charles M. Schulz
“Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.”―Jim Henson
“Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”―Dr. Seuss,Happy Birthday to You!
“I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.”―Woody Allen
“If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.”―Oscar Wilde
“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all—in which case, you fail by default.”―J.K. Rowling
“If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.”―Albert Einstein
“Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.”―Albert Einstein
“Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.”―Paul   Terry
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.”―Bob Marley
“Sometimes people are beautiful.Not in looks.Not in what they say.Just in what they are.”―Markus Zusak,I Am the Messenger
“You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world...but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.”―Abraham Lincoln
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”―Theodore Roosevelt
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”―Dr. Seuss,I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!
“There is no friend as loyal as a book.”―Ernest Hemingway
“The story so far:In the beginning the Universe was created.This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.”―Douglas Adams,The Restaurant at the End of the Universe
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”―Winston S. Churchill
“One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.”―Bob Marley
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”―Groucho Marx
“Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.”―Nicholas Sparks,A Walk to Remember
“So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”―Helen Keller
“There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.”―Jane Austen,Northanger Abbey
“Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.”―Mother Teresa
“Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.”―Shel Silverstein
“Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.”―Charles Bukowski
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”―Albert Einstein
“If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.”―Joan Powers,Pooh's Little Instruction Book
“You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.”―Jodi Picoult,My Sister’s Keeper
“Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.”―Anais Nin
“It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.”―Marilyn Monroe
“The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.”―Alexandre Dumas-fils
“We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love.”―Robert Fulghum,True Love
“Not all those who wander are lost.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.”―Alfred Tennyson
“It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.”―Oscar Wilde
“The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.”―Terry Pratchett,Diggers
“Do one thing every day that scares you.”―Eleanor Roosevelt
“I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.”―Virginia Woolf,A Room of One’s Own
“You don’thavea soul, Doctor. Youarea soul. Youhavea body, temporarily.”―Walter M. Miller Jr.,A Canticle for Leibowitz
“Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“One must always be careful of books," said Tessa, "and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“Reality continues to ruin my life.”―Bill Watterson,The Complete Calvin and Hobbes
“Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”―Marthe Troly-Curtin,Phrynette Married
“Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo."So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.”―Toni Morrison
“There is no pretending," Jace said with absolute clarity. "I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there is life after that, I'll love you then.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Who are you to judge the life I live?I know I'm not perfect-and I don't live to be-but before you start pointing fingers...make sure you hands are clean!”―Bob Marley
“I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.”―Marilyn Monroe
“The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.”―Jess C. Scott,The Intern
“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.”―Benjamin Franklin Wade
“The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”―George Carlin
“Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind."Pooh!" he whispered."Yes, Piglet?""Nothing," said Piglet, taking Pooh's paw. "I just wanted to be sure of you.”―A.A. Milne,The House at Pooh Corner
“Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“He's like a drug for you, Bella.”―Stephenie Meyer,Eclipse
“The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.”―Ernest Hemingway
“Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears."After all this time?""Always," said Snape.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.”―Marilyn Monroe
“′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.”―Mark Twain
“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”―John Lennon
“You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.”―Marilyn Monroe
“I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. ”―W.C. Fields
“I love mankind ... it's people I can't stand!!”―Charles M. Schulz
“You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.”―Mark Twain
“The marks humans leave are too often scars.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.”―C.S. Lewis
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”―Kurt Vonnegut,Mother Night
“To die will be an awfully big adventure.”―J.M. Barrie,Peter Pan
“And in that moment, I swear we were infinite.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“Books are a uniquely portable magic.”―Stephen King,On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
“Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.”―Albert Einstein
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”―Lewis Carroll
“What a slut time is. She screws everybody.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“The truth is rarely pure and never simple.”―Oscar Wilde,The Importance of Being Earnest
“I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.”―Jimi Hendrix,The Jimi Hendrix Experience - Axis: Bold as Love
“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.”―E.E. Cummings
“But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.”―Khaled Hosseini
“You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”―Madeleine L'Engle
“So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.”―C.S. Lewis
“We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.”―Mark Twain
“Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they’ll wait for you forever; pay attention to them and they always love you back.”―John Green,An Abundance of Katherines
“... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.”―Linda Grayson
“[Dean] “My dear fellow, who will let you?”[Roark] “That’s not the point. The point is, who will stop me?”―Ayn Rand,The Fountainhead
“Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.”―Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
“The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.”―Mark Twain
“Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.”―Mark Twain
“I love you as certain dark things are to be loved,in secret, between the shadow and the soul.”―Pablo Neruda,100 Love Sonnets
“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.”―Aristotle
“Tis better to have loved and lostThan never to have loved at all.”―Alfred Lord Tennyson,In Memoriam
“It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.”―Nicholas Sparks,At First Sight
“It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Diary
“Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could.”―Charles J. Sykes,Dumbing Down Our Kids: Why American Children Feel Good About Themselves But Can't Read, Write or Add
“Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.”―George Orwell,1984
“Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.”―William Shakespeare,Twelfth Night
“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”―Socrates
“Do you remember me telling you we are practicing non-verbal spells, Potter?""Yes," said Harry stiffly."Yes, sir.""There's no need to call me "sir" Professor."The words had escaped him before he knew what he was saying.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
“What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.”―Maya Angelou,Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now
“Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.”―Ernest Hemingway,The Garden of Eden
“A day without laughter is a day wasted.”―Nicolas Chamfort
“Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.”―Oscar Wilde,The Critic As Artist: With Some Remarks on the Importance of Doing Nothing and Discussing Everything
“A person's a person, no matter how small.”―Dr. Seuss,Horton Hears a Who!
“You can never be overdressed or overeducated.”―Oscar Wilde
“Thomas Edison's last words were "It's very beautiful over there". I don't know where there is, but I believe it's somewhere, and I hope it's beautiful.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.”―Edgar Allan Poe
“Oh, I wouldn't mind, Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson,Emerson in His Journals
“Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Invisible Monsters
“I finally understood what true love meant...love meant that you care for another person's happiness more than your own, no matter how painful the choices you face might be.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.”―Charles W. Eliot
“Have you ever noticed how ‘What the hell’ is always the right decision to make?”―Terry Johnson,Insignificance
“Jesus!" Luke exclaimed."Actually, it's just me," said Simon. "Although I've been told the resemblance is startling.”―Cassandra Clare
“Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.”―Roald Dahl
“Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.”―Markus Herz
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”―Isaac Asimov
“Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent”―Victor Hugo
“Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.”―Albert Camus
“An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will.”―Charlotte Brontë,Jane Eyre
“Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.”―Albert Einstein
“If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.”―Marilyn Monroe
“Do you hate people?”“I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.”―Charles Bukowski,Barfly
“I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.”―Helen Keller
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.”―Anne Frank,Anne Frank's Tales from the Secret Annex: A Collection of Her Short Stories, Fables, and Lesser-Known Writings
“A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.”―C.S. Lewis
“A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading.”―William Styron,Conversations with William Styron
“The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.”―Joe Klaas,The Twelve Steps to Happiness: A Practical Handbook for Understanding and Working the Twelve Step Programs for Alcoholism, Codependency, Eating Disorders, and Other Addictions
“So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.”―Lemony Snicket
“With great power... comes great need to take a nap. Wake me up later.”―Rick Riordan,The Last Olympian
“Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources”―C.E.M. Joad
“If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.”―Stephen King
“Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.”―Terry Pratchett,Jingo
“I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever.”―Suzanne Collins,Catching Fire
“Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“Is this the part where you start tearing off strips of your shirt to bind my wounds?""If you wanted me to rip my clothes off, you should have just asked.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.”―Mark Twain
“The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from a mental illness. Look at your 3 best friends. If they're ok, then it's you.”―Rita Mae Brown
“Well-behaved women seldom make history.”―Laurel Thatcher Ulrich,Well-Behaved Women Seldom Make History
“Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.”―Sarah Dessen,Someone Like You
“If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.”―C.S. Lewis
“One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind.”―Virginia Woolf,A Room of One’s Own
“So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“I don't want to be a man," said Jace. "I want to be an angst-ridden teenager who can't confront his own inner demons and takes it out verbally on other people instead.""Well," said Luke, "you're doing a fantastic job.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.”―Leo Tolstoy
“Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men.”―Joseph Conrad,Chance
“We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.”―Jane Austen,Pride And Prejudice
“He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.”―Emily Brontë,Wuthering Heights
“And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.”―Roald Dahl
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”―Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
“The world is not a wish-granting factory.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.”―Marlene Dietrich
“Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.”―Jodi Picoult,My Sister’s Keeper
“It's far better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone — so far.”―Marilyn Monroe
“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.”―Oscar Wilde
“Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Last Song
“To the people who look at the stars and wish, Rhys."Rhys clinked his glass against mine. “To the stars who listen— and the dreams that are answered.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Mist and Fury
“Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.”―Rainer Maria Rilke,Letters to a Young Poet
“I would die for you. But I won't live for you.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“We love the things we love for what they are.”―Robert Frost
“If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there”―George Harrison
“Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.”―Oscar Wilde,De Profundis
“It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.”―Ray Bradbury
“All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Invisible Monsters
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!”―Audrey Hepburn
“You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.”―John Green
“So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”―Eleanor Roosevelt
“Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.”―Jonathan Safran Foer,Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
“I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.”―Herbert Bayard Swope
“This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.”―George V. Higgins,The Friends of Eddie Coyle
“Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you.”―Sarah Dessen,This Lullaby
“I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer”―Douglas Adams
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.”―Margaret Mead
“Never memorize something that you can look up.”―Albert Einstein
“Death ends a life, not a relationship.”―Mitch Albom,Tuesdays with Morrie
“You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.”―Kahlil Gibran,The Prophet
“What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?”―John Green,An Abundance of Katherines
“All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams dieLife is a broken-winged bird,That cannot fly.”―Langston Hughes
“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”―John Lennon
“Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.”―Neil Gaiman,The Sandman, Vol. 6: Fables & Reflections
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”―Dalai Lama XIV
“All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.”―Edgar Allan Poe
“Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting.”―John Green
“The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us.”―C.S. Lewis
“What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.”―Stephenie Meyer,Twilight
“The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.”―Albert Camus
“Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.”―Gustave Flaubert
“The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.”―Mahatma Gandhi,All Men are Brothers: Autobiographical Reflections
“We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“Peace begins with a smile..”―Mother Teresa
“If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are.”―H.N. Turteltaub,The Sacred Land
“You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“You are, and always have been, my dream.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?""Yes.""You called her a liar?""Yes.""You told her He Who Must Not Be Named is back?""Yes.""Have a biscuit, Potter.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Rescue
“I would always rather be happy than dignified.”―Charlotte Brontë,Jane Eyre
“Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.”―C.S. Lewis,The Four Loves
“I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“We came to see Jace. Is he alright?""I don't know," Magnus said. "Does he normally just lie on the floor like that without moving?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.”―Aldous Huxley,Complete Essays, Vol. II: 1926-1929
“Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.”―George Orwell,1984
“In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.”―Mark Twain
“Libraries were full of ideas—perhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons.”―Sarah J. Maas,Throne of Glass
“Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.”―Albert Camus
“If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”―J.R.R. Tolkien
“Don't think or judge, just listen.”―Sarah Dessen,Just Listen
“Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“You cannot find peace by avoiding life.”―Michael Cunningham,The Hours
“Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“He can run faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“A good friend will always stab you in the front.”―Oscar Wilde
“When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.”―Groucho Marx
“May you live every day of your life.”―Jonathan Swift
“Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.”―Kurt Vonnegut
“Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry.”―Terry Pratchett,Thief of Time
“Whatever you are, be a good one.”―Abraham Lincoln
“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.”―Plato
“When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.”―Albert Einstein
“There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.”―Oscar Levant
“Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.”―Oscar Wilde,Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and Other Stories
“Sleep is good, he said, and books are better.”―George R. R. Martin
“Don't touch any of my weapons without my permission.""Well, there goes my plan for selling them all on eBay," Clary muttered."Selling them on what?"Clary smiled blandly at him. "A mythical place of great magical power.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.”―Plato
“Where there is love there is life.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.”―Carter Crocker
“Doubt thou the stars are fire;Doubt that the sun doth move;Doubt truth to be a liar;But never doubt I love.”―William Shakespeare,Hamlet
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“You can't force love, I realized. It's there or it isn't. If it's not there, you've got to be able to admit it. If it is there, you've got to do whatever it takes to protect the ones you love.”―Richelle Mead,Frostbite
“We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect.”―Anais Nin
“Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.”―Thomas Szasz
“Wicked people never have time for reading. It's one of the reasons for their wickedness.”―Lemony Snicket
“If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.”―Oscar Wilde
“And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,The Little Prince
“I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, everyday we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always be yours. ”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very;' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.”―Mark Twain
“Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore.”―Lady Gaga
“The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.”―Carl Gustav Jung
“I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.”―Marilyn Monroe
“When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them.”―Marilyn Monroe
“It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.”―Anne Frank,The Diary of a Young Girl
“Death's got an Invisibility Cloak?" Harry interrupted again."So he can sneak up on people," said Ron. "Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, flapping his arms and shrieking...”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?”―Ernest Hemingway
“A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.”―Albert Einstein
“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.”―Rumi
“Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.”―Zelda Fitzgerald
“Get busy living or get busy dying.”―Stephen King,Different Seasons
“The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever”―Nicholas Sparks
“First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.”―Nicholas Klein
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naïve or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.”―Anaïs Nin
“I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club
“It means 'Shadowhunters: Looking Better in Black Than the Widows of our Enemies Since 1234'.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“When someone shows you who they are believe them the first time.”―Maya Angelou
“Destroying things is much easier than making them.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoingand rightdoing there is a field.I'll meet you there.When the soul lies down in that grassthe world is too full to talk about.”―Rumi
“I could recognize him by touch alone, by smell; I would know him blind, by the way his breaths came and his feet struck the earth. I would know him in death, at the end of the world.”―Madeline Miller,The Song of Achilles
“Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.”―Nicole Krauss,The History of Love
“We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Diary
“You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.”―Brigham Young
“Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.”―E.B. White
“We loved with a love that was more than love.”―Edgar Allen Poe
“Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.”―Albert Einstein
“These woods are lovely, dark and deep,But I have promises to keep,And miles to go before I sleep,And miles to go before I sleep.”―Robert Frost,Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening
“Tell me, what is it you plan to dowith your one wild and precious life?”―Mary Oliver
“It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.”―Philip K. Dick,VALIS
“Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.”―Mark Twain
“When I look at my room, I see a girl who loves books.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.”―Stephen King
“Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?”―L.M. Montgomery
“The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves.”―William Shakespeare,Julius Caesar
“We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.”―May Sarton
“Eleanor was right. She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something.”―Rainbow Rowell,Eleanor & Park
“Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.”―Oscar Wilde
“All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.”―J.M. Barrie,Peter Pan
“Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Princess
“I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.”―Jane Austen,Jane Austen's Letters
“You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.”―A.A. Milne,Winnie-the-Pooh
“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”―Albert Einstein
“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.”―Aristotle,Metaphysics
“Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world.”―Voltaire
“Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.”―Billy Sunday,"Billy" Sunday, the man and his message: with his own words which have won thousands for Christ
“And so the lion fell in love with the lamb…" he murmured. I looked away, hiding my eyes as I thrilled to the word."What a stupid lamb," I sighed."What a sick, masochistic lion.”―Stephenie Meyer,Twilight
“Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign.”―Théophile Gautier
“This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.”―Elizabeth Gilbert,Eat, Pray, Love
“You're a prefect? Oh Ronnie! That's everyone in the family!""What are Fred and I? Next door neighbors?”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.”―Oscar Wilde
“The planet is fine. The people are fucked.”―George Carlin
“And I'm suppose to sit by while you date boys and fall in love with someone else, get married...?" His voice tightened. "And meanwhile, I'll die a little bit more every day, watching.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,Nothing is going to get better. It's not.”―Dr. Seuss,The Lorax
“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.”―Søren Kierkegaard
“The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!”―Jane Austen,Sense and Sensibility
“We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.”―Marilyn Monroe
“Hope is the thing with feathersThat perches in the soulAnd sings the tune without the wordsAnd never stops at all.”―Emily Dickinson
“Never laugh at live dragons.”―J.R.R. Tolkien
“When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.”―Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus
“Some people care too much. I think it's called love.”―A.A. Milne,Winnie-the-Pooh
“Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.”―Sir Francis Bacon
“I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?”―John Lennon
“One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.”―Stephen Hawking
“Here’s to books, the cheapest vacation you can buy.”―Charlaine Harris
“Eating and reading are two pleasures that combine admirably.”―C.S. Lewis
“Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.”―Edgar Allan Poe,Eleonora
“Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way.”―Charles Bukowski
“I would have come for you. And if I couldn't walk, I'd crawl to you, and no matter how broken we were, we'd fight our way out together-knives drawn, pistols blazing. Because that's what we do. We never stop fighting.”―Leigh Bardugo,Crooked Kingdom
“It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another.”―Lemony Snicket
“A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever”―Dave Matthews Band
“Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.”―haruki murakami,What I Talk About When I Talk About Running
“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.”―St. Augustine
“Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.”―Albert Einstein
“One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.”―Jack Kerouac,The Dharma Bums
“If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?”―Laurence J. Peter
“If you're reading this...Congratulations, you're alive.If that's not something to smile about,then I don't know what is.”―Chad Sugg,Monsters Under Your Head
“If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?”―Albert Einstein
“I am not young enough to know everything.”―Oscar Wilde
“How lucky I am to have known somebody and something that saying goodbye to is so damned awful.”―Evans G. Valens,The Other Side of the Mountain: The Story of Jill Kinmont
“You get a little moody sometimes but I think that's because you like to read. People that like to read are always a little fucked up.”―Pat Conroy,The Prince of Tides
“I might be in love with you." He smiles a little. "I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.”―Fyodor Dostoevsky,Crime and Punishment
“Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.”―Mark Twain
“Hell is empty and all the devils are here.”―William Shakespeare,The Tempest
“The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..”―John Milton,Paradise Lost
“I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.”―Henry David Thoreau,Walden: Or, Life in the Woods
“There are no good girls gone wrong - just bad girls found out.”―Mae West
“Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.”―Phyllis Diller
“Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.”―Stephen King
“I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes...you're Doing Something.”―Neil Gaiman
“In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.”―George Orwell
“I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.”―Albert Einstein
“You could rattle the stars," she whispered. "You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.”―Sarah J. Maas,Throne of Glass
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.”―George Bernard Shaw
“I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.”―Jerome K. Jerome
“There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.”―William Shakespear,Hamlet
“We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.”―Maya Angelou
“Always do what you are afraid to do.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.”―Tom Bodett
“I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.”―Martin Luther King Jr.,A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.”―Arthur Schopenhauer
“A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.”―Oscar Wilde
“There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.”―Bertrand Russell
“What's meant to be will always find a way”―Trisha Yearwood
“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.”―Martin Luther King Jr.,I Have a Dream: Writings and Speeches That Changed the World
“The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.”―George Bernard Shaw
“Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.”―Carl Sagan
“Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off.”―Stephen King,Storm of the Century
“It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.”―Anais Nin
“Hearts are made to be broken.”―Oscar Wilde,De Profundis
“In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.”―Martin Luther King Jr.
“The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.”―Walt Disney Company,Mulan
“It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.”―Leo Tolstoy  ,Anna Karenina
“Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.”―John Greenleaf Whittier
“It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.”―Lloyd Alexander
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.”―Winston Churchill
“And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.”―Sylvia Plath,The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
“I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.”―Sarah   Williams
“The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he'd learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.”―oscar wilde
“The wound is the place where the Light enters you.”―Rumi
“For you, a thousand times over”―Khaled Hosseini,The Kite Runner
“Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.”―Frederick Douglass
“Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.”―Henry Ford
“Think before you speak. Read before you think.”―Fran Lebowitz,The Fran Lebowitz Reader
“Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.”―Anne Frank
“Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing.”―E.B. White,Charlotte’s Web
“Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.”―Bette Midler
“Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful.”―Milan Kundera
“Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.”―Martin Luther King Jr.
“Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.”―George Carlin,When Will Jesus Bring The Pork Chops?
“I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.”―Mark Twain
“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”―Isaac Asimov,Foundation
“I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.”―Kurt Vonnegut,Player Piano
“The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.”―Abigail Van Buren
“If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.”―Emily Jane Brontë ,Wuthering Heights
“This above all: to thine own self be true,And it must follow, as the night the day,Thou canst not then be false to any man.”―William Shakespeare,Hamlet
“You know, you could live a thousand lifetimes and not deserve him.”―Suzanne Collins,Catching Fire
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.”―Maya Angelou
“God created war so that Americans would learn geography.”―Mark Twain
“We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing.”―Charles Bukowski
“She was a girl who knew how to be happy even when she was sad. And that’s important—you know ”―Marilyn Monroe
“Books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?”―Henry Ward Beecherr
“Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.”―Carlos Ruiz Zafón,The Shadow of the Wind
“If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.”―W.C. Fields
“What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.”―Aristotle
“I cannot live without books.”―Thomas Jefferson
“If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.”―Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
“Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.”―Paulo Coelho,By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept
“Well, I’m not kissing the mundane," said Jace. "I’d rather stay down here and rot.""Forever?" said Simon. "Forever’s an awfully long time."Jace raised his eyebrows. "I knew it," he said. "You want to kiss me, don’t you?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.”―Stephanie Perkins,Anna and the French Kiss
“I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.”―C.S. Lewis
“The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.”―Audrey Hepburn
“The very essence of romance is uncertainty.”―Oscar Wilde,The Importance of Being Earnest and Other Plays
“The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.”―Coco Chanel
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict.”―Lemony Snicket,The Grim Grotto
“Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.”―Robert Frost
“what matters most is how well you walk through the fire”―Charles Bukowski
“The unexamined life is not worth living.”―Socrates
“All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.”―George Orwell,Animal Farm
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.”―Albert Camus
“Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?''That is the only time a man can be brave,' his father told him.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“Love is so short, forgetting is so long.”―Pablo Neruda,Love
“There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.(Popular misquote of "You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.")”―Maya Angelou,Letter to My Daughter
“Not everything is about you," Clary said furiously."Possibly," Jace said, "but you do have to admit that the majority of things are.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.”―Roy T. Bennett
“I am a man" he told her, "and men do not consume pink beverages. Get thee gone woman, and bring me something brown.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.”―Oscar Wilde
“If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.”―Martin Luther King Jr.
“I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.”―Ned Vizzini,It's Kind of a Funny Story
“Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.”―Oscar Wilde
“I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.”―Mae West
“What the hell is that?" I laughed."It's my fox hat.""Your fox hat?""Yeah, Pudge. My fox hat.""Why are you wearing your fox hat?" I asked."Because no one can catch the motherfucking fox.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”―Albert Einstein
“They didn’t agree on much. In fact, they didn’t agree on anything. They fought all the time and challenged each other ever day. But despite their differences, they had one important thing in common. They were crazy about each other.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.”―Stephen King
“We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer.”―Ellen DeGeneres,Seriously... I'm Kidding
“You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.”―Saul Bellow
“It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.”―William Shakespeare
“Is this the part where you say if I hurt her, you'll kill me?""No" Simon said, "If you hurt Clary she's quite capable of killing you herself. Possibly with a variety of weapons.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“War is peace.Freedom is slavery.Ignorance is strength.”―George Orwell,1984
“He never went out without a book under his arm, and he often came back with two.”―Victor Hugo,Les Misérables
“Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?”―Albert Camus
“All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't.”―Marilyn Monroe
“I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.”―maya angelou
“It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on.”―Marilyn Monroe
“I'm not saying that everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know.”―Mark Twain
“Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.”―Mark Twain
“So please, oh please, we beg, we pray,Go throw your TV set away,And in its place you can installA lovely bookshelf on the wall.Then fill the shelves with lots of books.”―Roald Dahl,Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
“Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.”―Benjamin Franklin
“You could have had anything else in the world, and you asked for me."She smiled up at him. Filthy as he was, covered in blood and dirt, he was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen."But I don't want anything else in the world.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Not my daughter, you bitch!”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.”―Alan Moore
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.”―Oprah Winfrey
“Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.”―Arthur C. Clarke
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.”―Nicholas Sparks,Message in a Bottle
“Books may well be the only true magic.”―Alice Hoffman
“No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.”―Robert Frost
“When you're struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something, and to them, it's just as hard as what you're going through.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“Happiness is a warm puppy.”―Charles M. Schulz
“Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Kiss me, and you will see how important I am.”―Sylvia Plath,The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
“When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”―Arthur Conan Doyle,The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes
“Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.”―Winston S. Churchill
“You said you were going for a walk!? What kind of walk takes six hours?""A long one?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Each day means a new twenty-four hours. Each day means everything's possible again. You live in the moment, you die in the moment, you take it all one day at a time.”―Marie Lu,Legend
“You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.”―Rumi
“Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.”―Leonardo da Vinci
“I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen.”―John Steinbeck,The Winter of Our Discontent
“It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.”―Terry Pratchett,The Last Continent
“Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope.”―Dr. Seuss
“The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“Many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book.”―Jane Smiley,Thirteen Ways of Looking at the Novel
“Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.”―J. D. Salinger
“You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.”―Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
“You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”―Jonathan Safran Foer
“Remember when you tried to convince me to feed a poultry pie to the mallards in the park to see if you could breed a race of cannibal ducks?""They ate it too," Will reminisced. "Bloodthirsty little beasts. Never trust a duck.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are.”―Niccolò Machiavelli,The Prince
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“What happens when people open their hearts?""They get better.”―Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood
“You're still trying to protect me. Real or not real," he whispers."Real," I answer. "Because that's what you and I do, protect each other.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.”―Woody Allen
“Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.”―Nora Ephron
“Life is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal.”―Neil Gaiman
“To be nobody butyourself in a worldwhich is doing its best day and night to make you likeeverybody else means to fight the hardest battlewhich any human being can fight and never stop fighting.”―E.E. Cummings
“That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald
“There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying.”―Sarah Dessen,Just Listen
“Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new.”―Ursula K. Le Guin,The Lathe of Heaven
“But luxury has never appealed to me, I like simple things, books, being alone, or with somebody who understands.”―Daphne du Maurier
“Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.”―Terry Pratchett
“Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.”―Haruki Marukami
“It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime...”―Khaled Hosseini,The Kite Runner
“What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.”―Gabriel Garcia Marquez
“Why fit in when you were born to stand out?”―Dr. Seuss
“That's the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.”―Jhumpa Lahiri,The Namesake
“If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.”―Cicero
“You have to die a few times before you can reallylive.”―Charles Bukowski,The People Look Like Flowers at Last
“You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.”―Ray Bradbury,Zen in the Art of Writing: Releasing the Creative Genius Within You
“There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.”―Joseph Brodsky
“I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it.”―Edgar Allan Poe,Marginalia
“Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator.”―Lemony Snicket,Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.”―Charles Bukowski
“Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.”―Douglas Coupland,Shampoo Planet
“Stupid people are dangerous.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.”―Sigmund Freud
“I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me.”―S.E. Hinton,The Outsiders
“My ambition is handicapped by laziness”―Charles Bukowski,Factotum
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”―Roy T. Bennett
“I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.”―Oscar Wilde
“If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.”―David Sedaris,Barrel Fever: Stories and Essays
“Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face.”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.”―Candace Bushnell,Sex and the City
“What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“But I don’t want to go among mad people," Alice remarked."Oh, you can’t help that," said the Cat: "we’re all mad here. I’m mad. You’re mad.""How do you know I’m mad?" said Alice."You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn’t have come here.”―Lewis Carroll,Alice in Wonderland
“Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.”―Kahlil Gibran
“If you are going through hell, keep going.”―Winston S. Churchill
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.”―Nelson Mandela
“Laughter is timeless. Imagination has no age. And dreams are forever.”―Walt Disney
“Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.”―Christopher Paolini,Eragon
“I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.”―Daphne Rae,Love Until It Hurts: The Work of Mother Teresa and Her Missionaries of Charity
“I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room.”―Ray Bradbury,Zen in the Art of Writing: Releasing the Creative Genius Within You
“As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.”―John Lennon
“They love their hair because they're not smart enough to love something more interesting.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”―Dale Carnegie,How to Win Friends and Influence People
“That does it," said Jace. "I'm going to get you a dictionary for Christmas this year.""Why?" Isabelle said."So you can look up 'fun.' I'm not sure you know what it means.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everyone I've ever known.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Invisible Monsters
“There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.”―Patrick Rothfuss,The Wise Man’s Fear
“Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.”―Terry Pratchett,A Hat Full of Sky
“Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.”―Marilyn Monroe
“But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?”―Mark Twain
“I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.”―Mark Twain
“You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.”―William Faulkner
“Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.”―William Goldman,William Goldman: Four Screenplays with Essays
“I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.”―Oscar Wilde,The Importance of Being Earnest
“I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.”―Maya Angelou
“I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth.”―William Faulkner
“The difference between thealmost rightword and therightword is really a large matter. ’tis the difference between the lightning bug and the lightning.”―Mark Twain,The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain: A Book of Quotations
“It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Lord of the Rings
“Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.”―Anthony G. Oettinger
“Being crazy isn't enough.”―Dr. Seuss
“Kaz leaned back. "What's the easiest way to steal a man's wallet?""Knife to the throat?" asked Inej."Gun to the back?" said Jesper."Poison in his cup?" suggested Nina."You're all horrible," said Matthias.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.”―Katie McGarry,Take Me On
“What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Choke
“Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,Airman's Odyssey
“Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head.”―Paul Auster,The Brooklyn Follies
“When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch.”―Bette Davis
“To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.”―Fyodor Dostoevsky,Crime and Punishment
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”―Roy T. Bennett
“Angry people are not always wise.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“Resist much, obey little.”―Walt Whitman,Leaves of Grass
“No book is really worth reading at the age of ten which is not equally – and often far more – worth reading at the age of fifty and beyond.”―C.S. Lewis
“Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.”―Pablo Picasso
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”―Rumi
“A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.”―Coco Chanel
“It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.”―Vladimir Nabokov,Lolita
“By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.”―Confucious
“Percy wouldn't notice a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing one of Dobby's hats.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out.”―J.K. Rowling
“My daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”―Eleanor Roosevelt
“Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.”―Bob Marley
“I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.”―Audrey Hepburn
“I don't want to die without any scars.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club
“I have a theory that selflessness and bravery aren't all that different.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make.”―Paul McCartney,The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics
“I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.”―Agatha Christie
“To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.”―C.S. Lewis
“Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.”―Mark Twain,Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World
“When he shall die,Take him and cut him out in little stars,And he will make the face of heaven so fineThat all the world will be in love with nightAnd pay no worship to the garish sun.”―William Shakespeare,Romeo and Juliet
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it.”―Mark Twain
“Wow," Thalia muttered. "Apollo is hot.""He's the sun god," I said."That's not what I meant.”―Rick Riordan,The Titan’s Curse
“My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.”―Winston S. Churchill
“I don't want to lose the boy with the bread.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“There are too many books I haven’t read, too many places I haven’t seen, too many memories I haven’t kept long enough.”―Irwin Shaw
“I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.”―Marilyn Monroe,Marilyn: Her Life in Her Own Words: Marilyn Monroe's Revealing Last Words and Her Photographs
“With freedom, flowers, books, and the moon, who could not be perfectly happy?”―Oscar Wilde,De Profundis
“Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.”―Kurt Vonnegut,Slaughterhouse-Five
“Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.”―Anton Chekhov
“Fiction is the truth inside the lie.”―Stephen King
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Like most misery, it started with apparent happiness.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald
“She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.”―Louisa May Alcott,Work: A Story of Experience
“You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what youdo.”―Patrick Ness,A Monster Calls
“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”―Anonymous,The Holy Bible: King James Version
“In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.”―Mortimer J. Adler
“She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it).”―Lewis Carroll,Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland / Through the Looking-Glass
“It's just that I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am. And I don't want them to carry it around inside. I want them to show me, so I can feel it too.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“It's strange because sometimes, I read a book, and I think I am the people in the book.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“It's a metaphor, see: You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream.”―Marilyn Monroe
“My nightmares are usually about losing you. I'm okay once I realize you're here.”―Suzanne Collins,Catching Fire
“All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,The Little Prince
“I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, He will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather He will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?”―Mother Teresa
“I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“No medicine cures what happiness cannot.”―Gabriel García Márquez
“Love conquers all," Aphrodite promised. "Look at Helen and Paris. Did they let anything come between them?""Didn't they start the Trojan War and get thousands of people killed?""Pfft. That's not the point. Follow your heart.”―Rick Riordan,The Titan’s Curse
“What you seek is seeking you.”―Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
“Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“The road to hell is paved with adverbs.”―Stephen King,On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
“Will looked horrified. "What kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate?”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.”―Edgar Allan Poe
“People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Return of the King
“And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone.”―Madeline Miller,The Song of Achilles
“To define is to limit.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.”―Oscar Wilde,The Canterville Ghost
“The town was paper, but the memories were not.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.”―Joan Crawford
“Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid-we know we're called Gred and Forge.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared.”―Lois Lowry,The Giver
“If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.”―Leo Tolstoy,Anna Karenina
“I am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass.”―Cassandra Clare
“Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.”―Jack Kerouac
“Maybe 'okay' will be our 'always”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.”―Martin Luther King, Jr.
“Books are the mirrors of the soul.”―Virginia Woolf,Between the Acts
“Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.”―Margaret Mitchell
“I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.”―Maya Angelou
“It kills me sometimes, how people die.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.”―Robert Louis Stevenson
“Nobody can hurt me without my permission.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“Unbeing dead isn't being alive.”―E. E. Cummings
“Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment. ”―Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood
“I hate to hear you talk about all women as if they were fine ladies instead of rational creatures. None of us want to be in calm waters all our lives.”―Jane Austen,Persuasion
“Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.”―Vincent Van Gogh
“Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.”―George Burns
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.”―Marcus Aurelius,Meditations
“The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Peter would probably throw a party if I stopped breathing.''Well,' he says, 'I would only go if there was cake.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“You are the answer to every prayer I've offered. You are a song, a dream, a whisper, and I don't know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“I read so I can live more than one life in more than one place.”―Anne Tyler
“Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong.”―Rick Riordan,The Battle of the Labyrinth
“There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.”―Charles Dickens,A Christmas Carol
“If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.”―Paulo Coelho,By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept
“I think... if it is true thatthere are as many minds as thereare heads, then there are as manykinds of love as there are hearts.”―Leo Tolstoy,Anna Karenina
“The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart”―Helen Keller
“None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are.”―Anne Rice,The Vampire Lestat
“The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.”―Flannery O'Connor
“Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.”―Rudyard Kipling
“People haven't always been there for me but music always has.”―Taylor Swift
“Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been.”―Mark Twain
“What I say is, a town isn’t a town without a bookstore. It may call itself a town, but unless it’s got a bookstore, it knows it’s not foolin’ a soul.”―Neil Gaiman,American Gods
“I can feel Peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, 'So now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?' I turn into him. 'Put you somewhere you can't get hurt.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“I am haunted by humans.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“You probably wouldn’t worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.”―Olin Miller
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”―Roy T. Bennett
“Fear cuts deeper than swords.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.”―Bill Watterson
“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”―Albert Einstein
“Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.”―Leo Tolstoy,The Kreutzer Sonata
“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.”―Marcel Proust
“Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.”―Maya Angelou
“Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.”―Martin Luther King Jr.,A Knock at Midnight: Inspiration from the Great Sermons of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.
“Angry, and half in love with her, and tremendously sorry, I turned away.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.”―J.M. Barrie,Peter Pan
“War is what happens when language fails.”―Margaret Atwood
“Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.”―Frank Zappa
“Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer.”―Dan Brown,Digital Fortress
“Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.”―Muhammad Ali
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”―Steve Maraboli,Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
“Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.”―Alexander Pope
“None but ourselves can free our minds.”―Bob Marley
“Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.”―Lewis Carroll,Alice in Wonderland
“Beauty is terror. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it.”―Donna Tartt,The Secret History
“The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.”―Ernest Hemingway,Men Without Women
“Woke up this morning with a terrific urge to lie in bed all day and read.”―Raymond Carver
“You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope...I have loved none but you.”―Jane Austen,Persuasion
“Sometimes you make choices in life and sometimes choices make you.”―Gayle Forman,If I Stay
“Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.”―James A. Baldwin
“Ever had a flying burrito hit you? Well, it's a deadly projectile, right up there with cannonballs and grenades.”―Rick Riordan,The Titan’s Curse
“You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks, or even months over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened... or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the fuck on.”―Tupac Shakur
“Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.”―Anais Nin,The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.”―Benjamin Spock
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“I've got a stele we can use. Who wants to do me?""A regrettable choice of words," muttered Magnus.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“Words can be like X-rays if you use them properly – they’ll go through anything. You read and you’re pierced.”―Aldous Huxley,Brave New World
“I may die young, but at least I'll die smart.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“It's all right to love someone who doesn't love you back, as long as they're worth you loving them. As long as they deserve it.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“When love is not madness it is not love.”―Pedro Calderon de la Barca
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“It's like everyone tells a story about themselves inside their own head. Always. All the time. That story makes you what you are. We build ourselves out of that story.”―Patrick Rothfuss,The Name of the Wind
“He must have known I'd want to leave you.""No, he must have known you would always want to come back.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“God has no religion.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“I don't want to repeat my innocence. I want the pleasure of losing it again.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,This Side of Paradise
“Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.”―Rabindranath Tagore,Stray Birds
“People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.”―A.A. Milne,Winnie-the-Pooh
“You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts...but you cannot deny he's got style...”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer.”―Joseph Campbell
“Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.”―Bertrand Russell
“That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.”―Charles Bukowski,Women
“Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.”―Henry David Thoreau,Walden
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.”―Herman Melville
“This moment will just be another story someday.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“Don't talk to me.""Why not?""Because I want to fix that in my memory for ever. Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret...”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“Who said nights were for sleep?”―Marilyn Monroe
“What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.”―Fyodor Dostoevsky,The Brothers Karamazov
“Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.”―Anna Quindlen,How Reading Changed My Life
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.”―Lao Tzu
“There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.”―Laurell K. Hamilton,Mistral's Kiss
“Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
“I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, "This is what it is to be happy.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.”―Albert Schweitzer
“Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.”―J.K. rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!”―John Waters
“The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.”―Albert Einstein,The World As I See It
“We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.”―C.S. Lewis
“No mourners. No funerals. Among them, it passed for 'good luck.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.”―Shel Silverstein
“I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.”―Charles Dickens,Great Expectations
“Let everything happen to youBeauty and terrorJust keep goingNo feeling is final”―Rainer Maria Rilke
“When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.”―Cathy Guiswite
“Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.”―Albert Einstein
“One of the Silent Brothers is here to see you. Hodge sent me to wake you up. Actually he offered to wake you himself, but since it's 5 a.m., I figured you'd be less cranky if you had something nice to look at.""Meaning you?""What else?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like "What about lunch?”―A. A. Milne,Winnie-the-Pooh
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“People think dreams aren't real just because they aren't made of matter, of particles. Dreams are real. But they are made of viewpoints, of images, of memories and puns and lost hopes.”―Neil Gaiman
“Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.”―Rumi
“Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop.”―Lewis Carroll,Alice in Wonderland
“What you must understand about me is that I’m a deeply unhappy person.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.”―J.K. Rowling
“Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.”―Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley,Frankenstein
“God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.”―Elbert Hubbard
“Perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything, it is because we are dangerously close to wanting nothing.”―sylvia plath
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”―Kalu Ndukwe Kalu
“It always shocked me when I realized that I wasn’t the only person in the world who thought and felt such strange and awful things.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“Keep GoingYour hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.”―Ernest Hemingway
“No. I can survive well enough on my own— if given the proper reading material.”―Sarah J. Maas,Throne of Glass
“I will have you without armor, Kaz Brekker. Or I will not have you at all.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“Life is for the living.Death is for the dead.Let life be like music.And death a note unsaid.”―Langston Hughes,The Collected Poems
“If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.”―Terry Pratchett,Lords and Ladies
“Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.”―Stephanie Klein,Straight Up and Dirty
“Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.”―Timothy Leary
“There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.”―Elie Wiesel
“A brave man acknowledges the strength of others.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.”―Ernest Hemingway
“Some people have lives; some people have music.”―John Green,Will Grayson, Will Grayson
“Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!”―Dr. Seuss
“No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.”―Alice Walker
“I wanted the whole world or nothing.”―Charles Bukowski,Post Office
“Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“The scariest moment is always just before you start.”―Stephen King,On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
“Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.”―Pablo Picasso
“Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.”―Oscar Wilde (attributed to)
“Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“All I ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.”―Tahereh Mafi,Shatter Me
“I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.”―Albert Einstein
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”―Marcus Aurelius,Meditations
“The minute I heard my first love story,I started looking for you, not knowinghow blind that was.Lovers don't finally meet somewhere.They're in each other all along.”―Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi,The Illuminated Rumi
“I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.”―Lemony Snicket,The Penultimate Peril
“It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,The Little Prince
“Why are they all staring?" demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students."Don’t let it worry you," said Ron. "It’s me. I’m extremely famous.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“If you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go.”―Nicholas Sparks,Message in a Bottle
“Enjoy it. Because it's happening.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“He is half of my soul, as the poets say.”―Madeline Miller,The Song of Achilles
“You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.”―Maya Angelou,Letter to My Daughter
“We know what we are, but not what we may be.”―William Shakespeare
“The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Invisible Monsters
“We live for books.”―Umberto Eco
“Knowing others is intelligence;knowing yourself is true wisdom.Mastering others is strength;mastering yourself is true power.”―Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching
“If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.”―Albert Einstein
“It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.”―Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy
“The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.”―G.K. Chesterton
“A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.”―Leonardo da Vinci
“Only a true best friend can protect you from your immortal enemies.”―Richelle Mead,Vampire Academy
“There is no surer foundation for a beautiful friendship than a mutual taste in literature.”―P.G. Wodehouse
“Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.”―Allen Ginsberg
“Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.”―David Foster Wallace,Infinite Jest
“I am coming to terms with the fact that loving someone requires a leap of faith, and that a soft landing is never guaranteed.”―Sarah Dessen,This Lullaby
“The silence depressed me. It wasn't the silence of silence. It was my own silence.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“Mom says it's because she has PMS.Do you even know what that means?"I'm not a little kid anymore. It means pissed-at- men syndrome”―Nicholas Sparks,The Last Song
“A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.”―Robert Frost
“There are no facts, only interpretations.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“In the darkness, two shadows, reaching through the hopeless, heavy dusk. Their hands meet, and light spills in a flood like a hundred golden urns pouring out of the sun.”―Madeline Miller,The Song of Achilles
“Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?""That depends a good deal on where you want to get to.""I don't much care where –""Then it doesn't matter which way you go.”―Lewis Carroll,Alice in Wonderland
“The Guide says there is an art to flying", said Ford, "or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.”―Douglas Adams,Life, the Universe and Everything
“True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.”―Nicholas Sparks,Message in a Bottle
“I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between.”―Sylvia Plath,The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
“I’d said it before and meant it: Alive or undead, the love of my life was a badass.”―Richelle Mead,Blood Promise
“Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.”―Kiera Cass,The One
“If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them.”―A.A. Milne
“I suspect the truth is that we are waiting, all of us, against insurmountable odds, for something extraordinary to happen to us.”―Khaled Hosseini,And the Mountains Echoed
“Why is it," he said, one time, at the subway entrance, "I feel I've known you so many years?""Because I like you," she said, "and I don't want anything from you.”―Ray Bradbury,Fahrenheit 451
“Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.”―G.K. Chesterton,Alarms and Discursions
“I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“She'd laughed, and if he could have bottled the sound and gotten drunk on it every night, he would have. It terrified him.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.”―Victor Hugo,Les Misérables
“Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.”―Nicholas Sparks
“but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short.”―Jane Austen
“A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.”―Max Lucado
“Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
“What are men to rocks and mountains?”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.”―Lance Armstrong Sally Jenkins,Every Second Counts
“Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful.”―Mary Shelley,Frankenstein
“Live to the point of tears.”―Albert Camus
“Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?”―Abraham Lincoln
“A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.”―D.H. Lawrence,Lady Chatterley's Lover
“There are no happy endings.Endings are the saddest part,So just give me a happy middleAnd a very happy start.”―Shel Silverstein,Every Thing on It
“There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.”―C. JoyBell C.
“It's kind of fun to do the impossible.”―Walt Disney
“Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.”―Corrie Ten Boom,Clippings from My Notebook
“And the rest is rust and stardust.”―Vladimir Nabokov,Lolita
“Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind.”―Henry James
“Investigation?" Isabelle laughed. "Now we're detectives? Maybe we should all have code names.""Good idea," said Jace. "I shall be Baron Hotschaft Von Hugenstein.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“You never fail until you stop trying.”―Albert Einstein
“It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.”―Gabriel García Márquez,One Hundred Years of Solitude
“Do you think I'm pretty?I think you're beautifulBeautiful?You are so beautiful, it hurts sometimes.”―Richelle Mead,Vampire Academy
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.”―Lou Holtz
“The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.”―Nicolas Chamfort
“There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but he must take it because conscience tells him it is right.”―Martin Luther King Jr.,A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches
“The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Find what you love and let it kill you.”―Charles Bukowski
“Icare for myself. The more solitary, the more friendless, the more unsustained I am, the more I will respect myself.”―Charlotte Brontë,Jane Eyre
“I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time.”―A.A. Milne,Winnie-the-Pooh
“If writers wrote as carelessly as some people talk, then adhasdh asdglaseuyt[bn[ pasdlgkhasdfasdf.”―Lemony Snicket,Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
“You know," Gabriel said, "there was a time I thought we could be friends, Will.""There was a time I thought I was a ferret," Will said, "but that turned out to be the opium haze. Did you know it had that effect? Because I didn't.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“What's this?" he demanded, looking from Clary to his companions, as if they might know what she was doing there."It's a girl," Jace said,recovering his composure. "Surely you've seen girls before, Alec. Your sister Isabelle is one.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.”―Mark Twain
“All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.”―St. Francis Of Assisi,The Little Flowers of St. Francis of Assisi
“Some say the world will end in fire,Some say in ice.From what I've tasted of desire,I hold with those who favor fire.But if it had to perish twiceI think I know enough of hateTo say that for destruction iceIs also greatAnd would suffice.”―Robert Frost
“I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.”―Santosh Kalwar,Quote Me Everyday
“You smell good, too,” said PatchIt’s called a shower.” I was staring straight ahead. When he didn’t answer, I turned sideways. “Soap. Shampoo. Hot water.”Naked. I know the drill.”―Becca Fitzpatrick,Hush, Hush
“There's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes, if you wish to look for it.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.”―Neil Gaiman,The Ocean at the End of the Lane
“Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.”―Thich Nhat Hanh,Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life
“How did you die?""We er....drowned in a bathtub.""All three of you?""It was a big bathtub.”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.”―Jorge Luis Borges
“I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?”―Nicholas Sparks,The Last Song
“You'll stay with me?'Until the very end,' said James.”―J. K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“There is no real ending. It’s just the place where you stop the story.”―Frank Herbert
“My life amounts to no more than one drop in a limitless ocean. Yet what is any ocean, but a multitude of drops?”―David Mitchell,Cloud Atlas
“If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.”―Emily Dickinson
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.”―Fitzgerald F. Scott,The Great Gatsby
“I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.”―Orhan Pamuk,The New Life
“She wasn't bitter. She was sad, though. But it was a hopeful kind of sad. The kind of sad that just takes time. ”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“I love you. Remember. They cannot take it”―Lauren Oliver,Delirium
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.”―Maya Angelou
“Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.”―Robert Frost
“That’s part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!”―Dr. Seuss
“Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.”―Diane Duane,So You Want to Be a Wizard
“And that's the thing about people who mean everything they say. They think everyone else does too.”―Khaled Hosseini,The Kite Runner
“A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.”―Italo Calvino,The Uses of Literature
“If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.”―C. JoyBell C.
“Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“HopeSmiles from the threshold of the year to come,Whispering 'it will be happier'...”―Alfred Lord Tennyson
“To see a World in a Grain of SandAnd a Heaven in a Wild Flower,Hold Infinity in the palm of your handAnd Eternity in an hour.”―William Blake,Auguries of Innocence
“I fell in love with her courage, her sincerity, and her flaming self respect. And it's these things I'd believe in, even if the whole world indulged in wild suspicions that she wasn't all she should be. I love her and it is the beginning of everything.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Don't Panic.”―Douglas Adams,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy
“Right now I’m having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time. I think I’ve forgotten this before.”―Steven Wright
“Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.”―E.L. Doctorow
“Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.”―Louis L'Amour
“What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.”―Mark Twain
“No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.”―L. Frank Baum,The Lost Princess of Oz
“Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.”―Bertrand Russell,The Conquest of Happiness
“An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.”―Charles Bukowski
“Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“All endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.”―Mitch Albom,The Five People You Meet in Heaven
“It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them. ”―Agatha Christie,Agatha Christie: An Autobiography
“Cinderella? Snow White? What's that? An illness?”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“The more I see, the less I know for sure.”―John Lennon
“There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.”―C.S. Lewis
“You know, one of the tragedies of real life is that there is no background music.”―Annie Proulx
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Books. Cats. Life is Good.”―Edward Gorey
“Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.”―Erica Jong
“And I like large parties. They’re so intimate. At small parties there isn’t any privacy.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“We all have our time machines, don't we. Those that take us back are memories...And those that carry us forward, are dreams.”―H.G. Wells
“It was books that made me feel that perhaps I was not completely alone. They could be honest with me, and I with them.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Prince
“There was nowhere to go but everywhere, so just keep on rolling under the stars.”―Jack Kerouac,On the Road: The Original Scroll
“Francois Rabelais. He was a poet. And his last words were "I go to seek a Great Perhaps." That's why I'm going. So I don't have to wait until I die to start seeking a Great Perhaps.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it.”―Jeanette Winterson
“Laters, baby.”―E.L. James,Fifty Shades of Grey
“My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.”―Maya Angelou
“Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.”―Franz Kafka
“You’ve got about as much charm as a dead slug.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself.”―Marilyn Monroe
“And so it goes...”―Kurt Vonnegut,Slaughterhouse-Five
“When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.”―Donald Miller,A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life
“A good library will never be too neat, or too dusty, because somebody will always be in it, taking books off the shelves and staying up late reading them.”―Lemony Snicket,Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.”―Jimi Hendrix
“Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.”―Herman Hesse
“We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.”―Richard Dawkins,The God Delusion
“I go to seek a Great Perhaps.”―François Rabelais
“أجمل حب هو الذي نعثر عليه أثناء بحثنا عن شيء آخر”―أحلام مستغانمي
“Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.”―Voltaire
“Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.”―Jonathan Safran Foer,Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
“You’re wishin’ too much, baby. You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughtta be.”―Elizabeth Gilbert,Eat, Pray, Love
“The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.”―John F. Kennedy
“What Is Love? I have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul”―Victor Hugo ,Les Misérables
“Believe in Your HeartBelieve in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.”―Franz Kafka
“Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second's encounter with God and with eternity.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.”―Henry David Thoreau
“The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“He's a wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.”―Philip Pullman
“No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.”―haruki murakami
“I don't believe in the kind of magic in my books. But I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book.”―J.K. Rowling
“But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.”―Albert Camus
“He thinks he'll be remembered as the villain in the story. But I forgot to tell him that the villain is usually the person who locks up the maiden and throws away the key. He was the one who let me out.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Mist and Fury
“It's just that...I just think that some things are meant to be broken. Imperfect. Chaotic. It's the universe's way of providing contrast, you know? There have to be a few holes in the road. It's how life is.”―Sarah Dessen,The Truth About Forever
“History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.”―Winston S. Churchill
“لن تكون متدينا إلا بالعلم ...فالله لا يعبد بالجهل”―مصطفى محمود,القرآن: محاولة لفهم عصري
“Basically, I have two speeds.... Hostile or smart-aleck. Your choice.”―James Patterson,Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports
“Don't." Clary raised a warning hand. "I'm not really in the mood right now.""That's got to be the first time a girl's ever said that to me," Jace mused.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.”―Cornelia Funke,Inkspell
“A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe.”―Madeleine L'Engle
“Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on?”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Hobbit
“The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Life is to be enjoyed, not endured”―Gordon B. Hinckley
“To burn with desire and keep quiet about it is the greatest punishment we can bring on ourselves.”―Federico García Lorca,Blood Wedding and Yerma
“The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“Hate the sin, love the sinner.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“All the world's a stage,And all the men and women merely players;They have their exits and their entrances;And one man in his time plays many parts,His acts being seven ages.”―William Shakespeare,As You Like It
“Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?”―Virginia Woolf
“Forever is composed of nows.”―Emily Dickinson
“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”―Viktor E. Frankl,Man’s Search for Meaning
“It's not natural for women to fight.""It's not natural for someone to be as stupid as he is tall, and yet there you stand.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“You're off to Great Places!Today is your day!Your mountain is waiting,So... get on your way!”―Dr. Seuss,Oh, the Places You’ll Go!
“Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.”―Albert Einstein
“I dream my painting and I paint my dream.”―Vincent Willem van Gogh
“You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.”―Amy Bloom
“Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough.”―Richard P. Feynman
“Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.”―Mark Twain
“If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun.”―Katharine Hepburn
“The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.”―Nicholas Sparks
“Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real.”―Nora Ephron
“You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes".”―Lauren Oliver,Delirium
“Now, you two – this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl telling me you've – you've blown up a toilet or –""Blown up a toilet? We've never blown up a toilet.""Great idea though, thanks, Mum.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.”―Charles Dickens
“Just because you call an electric eel a rubber duck doesn't make it a rubber duck, does it? And God help the poor bastard who decides they want to take a bath with the duckie. (Jace Wayland)”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“Ah,” said a voice from the doorway, “having your annual ‘everyone thinks Will is a lunatic’ meeting, are you?“It’s biannual,” said Jem. “And no, this is not that meeting.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Prince
“there are worse thingsthan being alonebut it often takesdecades to realize thisand most often when you doit's too lateand there's nothing worsethan too late”―Charles Bukowski
“People who claim that they're evil are usually no worse than the rest of us... It's people who claim that they're good, or any way better than the rest of us, that you have to be wary of.”―Gregory Maguire,Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West
“People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed.”―Rick Riordan,The Battle of the Labyrinth
“Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.”―Oscar Wilde
“If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.”―Jean-Paul Sartre
“Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.”―Rumi
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“It isn't possible to love and part. You will wish that it was. You can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal.”―E.M. Forster,A Room with a View
“Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.”―JK Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose”―charles bukowski
“To the stars who listen—and the dreams that are answered.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Mist and Fury
“Maybe who we are isn't so much about what we do, but rather what we're capable of when we least expect it.”―Jodi Picoult,My Sister’s Keeper
“I am a cage, in search of a bird.”―Franz Kafka
“The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.”―Soren Kierkegaard
“War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Two Towers
“This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club
“And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.”―John Steinbeck,East of Eden
“Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.”―Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra,Don Quixote
“Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.”―Pearl S. Buck
“A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.”―C.S. Lewis,The Problem of Pain
“Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.”―Leonardo da Vinci
“Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,That we may record our emptiness.”―Kahlil Gibran
“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.”―Dave Eggers
“Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”―H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Holey? You have the the whole world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“That was the thing. You never got used to it, the idea of someone being gone. Just when you think it's reconciled, accepted, someone points it out to you, and it just hits you all over again, that shocking.”―Sarah Dessen,The Truth About Forever
“One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.”―Virginia Woolf,A Room of One’s Own
“If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled?”―Jodi Picoult,Nineteen Minutes
“We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.”―Kurt Vonnegut,If This Isn't Nice, What Is?: Advice for the Young
“If you are allergic to a thing, it is best not to put that thing in your mouth, particularly if the thing is cats.”―Lemony Snicket,The Wide Window
“Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.”―Colleen Hoover,Slammed
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t BuyTime. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“When someone is crying, of course, the noble thing to do is to comfort them. But if someone is trying to hide their tears, it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them.”―Lemony Snicket,Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
“Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.”―Philip K. Dick,I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon
“Stories may well be lies, but they are good lies that say true things, and which can sometimes pay the rent.”―Neil Gaiman
“One love, one heart, one destiny.”―Robert Marley
“The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.”―Albert Einstein
“I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimize the casualties, okay?”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“Usually I'm remarkably good natured. Try me on a day that doesn't end in y.”―Cassandra Clare
“If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.”―S.E. Hinton
“Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift.”―Mary Oliver
“When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.”―mahatma gandhi
“Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.”―Maya Angelou
“When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive.”―Paulo Coelho,The Zahir
“One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.”―Johann Wolfgang von Goethe,Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship
“I'm quite illiterate, but I read a lot. ”―J.D. Salinger,The Catcher in the Rye
“When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw.”―Nelson Mandela
“Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.”―Rumi,The Essential Rumi
“If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?”―Rumi
“Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.”―Clive Barker,Abarat: Days of Magic, Nights of War
“The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over.”―Nicholas Sparks,Nights in Rodanthe
“If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph:THE ONLY PROOF HE NEEDEDFOR THE EXISTENCE OF GODWAS MUSIC”―kurt vonnegut
“If I cannot be better than them, I will become so much worse.”―Holly Black,The Cruel Prince
“I wantTo do with you what spring does with the cherry trees.”―Pablo Neruda,Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair
“Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.”―George Orwell
“The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.”―J. K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
“Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.”―Terry Pratchett,Small Gods
“Acts of Kindness:A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers.”―L. M. Montgomery,Anne of Green Gables
“Maybe there's something you're afraid to say, or someone you're afraid to love, or somewhere you're afraid to go. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt because it matters.”―John Green,Will Grayson, Will Grayson
“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.”―Viktor E. Frankl,Man’s Search for Meaning
“In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.”―Terry Pratchett
“I, myself, am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions.”―Augusten Burroughs
“Even death has a heart.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.”―Bukkyo Dendo Kyokai,The Teaching of Buddha
“There are no faster or firmer friendships than those formed between people who love the same books.”―Irving Stone,Clarence Darrow for the Defense
“Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.”―George Carlin
“You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.”―Malcolm X,By Any Means Necessary (Malcolm X Speeches and Writings)
“The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,The Little Prince
“Because you are beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.”―Rumi
“Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.”―C.S. Lewis
“In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back.”―Albert Camus
“Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine.”―Honoré de Balzac
“We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.”―Plato
“I can resist anything except temptation.”―Oscar Wilde,Lady Windermere's Fan
“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”―Rumi
“But a mermaid has no tears, and therefore she suffers so much more.”―Hans Christian Andersen,The Little Mermaid
“So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.”―Dr. Seuss,Oh, the Places You'll Go!
“The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.”―George Orwell,1984
“And still, after all this time,The sun never says to the earth,"You owe Me."Look what happens withA love like that,It lights the Whole Sky.”―Hafiz
“Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.”―August Wilson
“The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.”―Albert Camus
“What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful.”―Scott Westerfeld,Uglies
“Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.”―Ernest Hemingway
“Forget safety.Live where you fear to live.Destroy your reputation.Be notorious.”―Rumi
“Maybe ever’body in the whole damn world is scared of each other.”―John Steinbeck,Of Mice and Men
“It is true that those we meet can change us, sometimes so profoundly that we are not the same afterwards, even unto our names.”―Yann Martel,Life of Pi
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it.”―J. M. Barrie,Peter Pan
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.”―Anais Nin
“As if you were on fire from within.The moon lives in the lining of your skin.”―Pablo Neruda
“I do things like get in a taxi and say, "The library, and step on it.”―David Foster Wallace,Infinite Jest
“Both Rowling and Meyer, they’re speaking directly to young people. … The real difference is that Jo Rowling is a terrific writer and Stephenie Meyer can’t write worth a darn. She’s not very good.”―Stephen King
“After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.”―Aldous Huxley,Music at Night and Other Essays
“Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I can not live without my life! I can not live without my soul!”―Emily Brontë,Wuthering Heights
“For last year's words belong to last year's languageAnd next year's words await another voice.”―T.S. Eliot,Four Quartets
“No, I'm just a very naughty boy. I do all sorts of bad things. I kick kittens. I make rude gestures at nuns.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“The first draft of anything is shit.”―Ernest Hemingway
“He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It’s his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.”―Mark Twain
“How did it get so late so soon?”―Dr. Seuss
“أحيانًا يساعدنا الآخرون بأن يكونوا فى حياتنا فحسب”―أحمد خالد توفيق
“Do your thing and don't care if they like it.”―Tina Fey,Bossypants
“It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.”―Arthur Conan Doyle
“What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,The Little Prince
“But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin.”―Aldous Huxley,Brave New World
“You speak an infinite deal of nothing.”―William Shakespeare,The Merchant of Venice
“Don't feel bad, I'm usually about to die.”―Rick Riordan,The Battle of the Labyrinth
“The world was hers for the reading.”―Betty Smith,A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
“I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.”―Margaret Atwood
“You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.”―Albert Camus,The Fall
“Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead;I lift my eyes and all is born again.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.”―Taylor Swift
“How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?”―Anais Nin
“They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now”―Edna St. Vincent Millay
“The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.”―Ernest Hemingway
“Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.”―Stephenie Meyer,The Host
“An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.”―Niels Bohr
“All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.”―Ernest Hemingway
“The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Goodbye," said the fox. "And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
“You is kind. You is smart. You is important.”―Kathryn Stockett,The Help
“There are years that ask questions and years that answer.”―Zora Neale Hurston,Their Eyes Were Watching God
“I never change, I simply become more myself.”―Joyce Carol Oates,Solstice
“Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.”―Charlotte Bronte,Jane Eyre
“There is not always a good guy. Nor is there always a bad one. Most people are somewhere in between.”―Patrick Ness,A Monster Calls
“I dream. Sometimes I think that's the only right thing to do.”―Haruki Murakami,Sputnik Sweetheart
“We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.”―Tom Robbins
“Atticus told me to delete the adjectives and I'd have the facts.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”―Steve Maraboli
“It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.”―Albert Einstein
“Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.”―Margaret Fuller
“We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.”―Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
“If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.”―Mo Willems,Goldilocks and the Three Dinosaurs
“The bravest people are the ones who don’t mind looking like cowards.”―T.H. White,The Once and Future King
“A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.”―Oscar Wilde
“It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.”―Nicholas Sparks
“People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.”―Søren Kierkegaard
“Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life.”―Fernando Pessoa,The Book of Disquiet
“Tonight I can write the saddest linesI loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.”―Pablo Neruda,Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair
“Is standing by the window muttering about blood something he does all the time?" asked Simon."No," Jace said. "Sometimes he sits on the couch and does it.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.”―Virginia Woolf
“You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace.”―Frank McCourt,Angela’s Ashes
“Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.”―Corrie ten Boom
“Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one’s own self.”―Franz Kafka
“At some point, you just pull off the Band-Aid, and it hurts, but then it's over and you're relieved.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be.”―Orson Scott Card,Ender's Game
“We all bear scars,... Mine just happen to be more visible than most.”―Sarah J. Maas,Throne of Glass
“Words are easy, like the wind; faithful friends are hard to find.”―William Shakespeare,The Passionate Pilgrim
“All great and precious things are lonely.”―John Steinbeck,East of Eden
“Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.”―Charles Dickens,Great Expectations
“Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge is yourself.”―Sarah Dessen
“Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.”―Albert Einstein
“You don't remember what happened. What you remember becomes what happened.”―John Green,An Abundance of Katherines
“Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.”―Robert Bloch
“All we demanded was our right to twinkle.”―Marilyn Monroe
“Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.”―Natalie Babbitt,Tuck Everlasting
“If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?”―Jerry Seinfeld
“It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.”―Lucy Maud Montgomery,Anne of Green Gables
“Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.”―Anita Desai
“I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.”―Barbara Kingsolver,Animal Dreams
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“There are three types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics.”―Benjamin Disraeli
“You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.”―Arthur C. Clarke
“Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.”―Paulo Coelho
“Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.”―Mark Twain
“Someday, somewhere - anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life.”―Pablo Neruda
“Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that.”―Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood
“I wasn't actually in love, but I felt a sort of tender curiosity.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”―Chico Xavier
“It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.”―Voltaire
“Fall down again, Bella?'No, Emmett, I punched a werewolf in the face.”―Stephenie Meyer,Eclipse
“Oh well... I'd just been thinking, if you had died, you'd have been welcome to share my toilet.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
“Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?”―Audrey Niffenegger,The Time Traveler's Wife
“Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.”―Walter Cronkite
“Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.”―Douglas Adams,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy
“You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It's not overrated. There's a reason for all those songs.”―Sarah Dessen,This Lullaby
“You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from.”―Cormac McCarthy,No Country for Old Men
“The past has no power over the present moment.”―Eckhart Tolle
“You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.”―Colette
“You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?”―George Bernard Shaw,Back to Methuselah
“We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.”―Stephen Hawking
“Say 'provoking' again. Your mouth looks provocative when you do.”―Becca Fitzpatrick,Hush, Hush
“Words are pale shadows of forgotten names. As names have power, words have power. Words can light fires in the minds of men. Words can wring tears from the hardest hearts.”―Patrick Rothfuss,The Name of the Wind
“Look after my heart - I've left it with you.”―Stephenie Meyer,Eclipse
“Growing apart doesn't change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I'm glad for that.”―Ally Condie,Matched
“When I discover who I am, I’ll be free.”―Ralph Ellison,Invisible Man
“I woke up thinking a very pleasant thought. There is lots left in the world to read.”―Nicholson Baker,The Anthologist
“People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.”―Logan Pearsall Smith
“If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.”―Stephen King
“He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.”―Leo Tolstoy,Anna Karenina
“Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.”―Bill  Nye
“Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.”―J.K. Rowling
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Knock, And He'll open the doorVanish, And He'll make you shine like the sunFall, And He'll raise you to the heavensBecome nothing, And He'll turn you into everything.”―Jalal Ad-Din Rumi
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get”―W.P. Kinsella
“To say goodbye is to die a little.”―Raymond Chandler,The Long Goodbye
“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.”―Marcus Aurelius,Meditations
“What and how much had I lost by trying to do only what was expected of me instead of what I myself had wished to do?”―Ralph Ellison,Invisible Man
“Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. On the outside, babies, you've got a hundred years here. There's only one rule that I know of, babies-"God damn it, you've got to be kind.”―Kurt Vonnegut
“What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“I love you like a fat kid loves cake!”―Scott Adams
“Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.”―Christopher Paolini,Eldest
“I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.”―Anne Frank
“And when her lips met mine, I knew that I could live to be a hundred and visit every country in the world, but nothing would ever compare to that single moment when I first kissed the girl of my dreams and knew that my love would last forever.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.”―Jonathan Safran Foer,Everything is Illuminated
“If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.”―George Bernard Shaw
“That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.”―Emily Dickinson
“Maybe...you'll fall in love with me all over again.""Hell," I said, "I love you enough now. What do you want to do? Ruin me?""Yes. I want to ruin you.""Good," I said. "That's what I want too.”―Ernest Hemingway,A Farewell to Arms
“Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought. For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistable urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex. Yippee.”―J.R. Ward,Dark Lover
“The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.”―George Bernard Shaw,Man and Superman
“You cannot pick and choose what parts of her to love.”―Sarah J. Maas,Heir of Fire
“I nodded, looking at Rachel with respect. "You hit the Lord of the Titans in the eye with a blue plastic hairbrush.”―Rick Riordan
“Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.”―Robert Frost
“You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.”―Milan Kundera
“Happiness [is] only real when shared”―Jon Krakauer,Into the Wild
“Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?”―George Carlin
“Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.”―Paulo Coelho
“How do you spell 'love'?" - Piglet"You don't spell it...you feel it." - Pooh”―A.A. Milne
“If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.”―Ivan Turgenev
“Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher. There was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head!”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“Let us learn to show our friendship for a man when he is alive and not after he is dead.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“Though she be but little, she is fierce!”―William Shakespeare,A Midsummer Night’s Dream
“If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.”―Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“Take pride in your pain; you are stronger than those who have none”―Lois Lowry,Gathering Blue
“Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes,' otherwise you'll lead a very dull life.”―Ian Fleming
“When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“you can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.”―Stephen King,On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
“Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.”―John Locke
“You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read.”―James Baldwin
“So it's you and a syringe against the Capitol? See, this is why no one lets you make the plans.”―Suzanne Collins,Catching Fire
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.”―Joseph Campbell
“‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.”―Voltaire
“Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.”―Clare Boothe Luce
“What if it lines up like it did in the Trojan War ... Athena versus Poseidon?""I don't know. But I just know that I'll be fighting next to you.""Why?""Because you're my friend, Seaweed Brain. Any more stupid questions?”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think”―Socrates
“What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.”―Walt Whitman
“There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.”―W. Somerset Maugham
“Every great love starts with a great story...”―Nicholas Sparks,The Notebook
“Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.”―Franz Kafka
“Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.”―Lao Tzu
“Cowards die many times before their deaths;The valiant never taste of death but once.Of all the wonders that I yet have heard,It seems to me most strange that men should fear;Seeing that death, a necessary end,Will come when it will come.”―William Shakespeare,Julius Caesar
“Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.”―Mae West
“A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.”―John A. Shedd
“Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Last Song
“So many things are possible just as long as you don't know they're impossible.”―Norton Juster,The Phantom Tollbooth
“The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.”―Marjorie Pay Hinckley
“There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion.”―Edgar Allan Poe
“Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?”―Christopher Paolini
“If I got rid of my demons, I’d lose my angels.”―Tennessee Williams,Conversations With Tennessee Williams
“All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does, and that is his.”―Oscar Wilde,The Importance of Being Earnest
“Crying is all right in its way while it lasts. But you have to stop sooner or later, and then you still have to decide what to do.”―C.S. Lewis,The Silver Chair
“Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.”―Sun Tzu,The Art of War
“No woman really wants a man to carry her off; she only wants him to want to do it.”―Elizabeth Peters
“You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.”―Stewart O'Nan,The Odds: A Love Story
“If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.”―Émile Zola
“I'm not young enough to know everything.”―J.M. Barrie,The Admirable Crichton
“I realize now that dying is easy. Living is hard.”―Gayle Forman,If I Stay
“She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live.”―Annie Dillard,The Living
“Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“If you are a dreamer come inIf you are a dreamer a wisher a liarA hoper a pray-er a magic-bean-buyerIf youre a pretender com sit by my fireFor we have some flax golden tales to spinCome in!Come in!”―Shel Silverstein
“In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman.”―Margaret Thatcher
“Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.”―Rob Reiner
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.”―Truman Capote
“Be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. Then life seems almost enchanted after all.”―Vincent Van Gogh
“I knew when I met you an adventure was going to happen.”―A.A. Milne
“All your life, you will be faced with a choice. You can choose love or hate…I choose love.”―Johnny Cash
“The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.”―A.A. Milne,Winnie-the-Pooh
“And then he gives me a smile that just seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.”―Mark Twain
“When I am with you, we stay up all night.When you're not here, I can't go to sleep.Praise God for those two insomnias!And the difference between them.”―Rumi
“It's funny how humans can wrap their mind around things and fit them into their version of reality.”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.”―Toni Morrison,Song of Solomon
“Time isToo Slow for those who Wait,Too Swift for those who Fear,Too Long for those who Grieve,Too Short for those who Rejoice;But for those who Love,Time is not.”―Henry van Dyke,Music and Other Poems
“Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.”―Jeffrey Eugenides,Middlesex
“If you don't like someone's story, write your own.”―Chinua Achebe
“You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.”―Pablo Neruda
“Some lose all mind and become soul,insane.some lose all soul and become mind, intellectual.some lose both and become accepted”―Charles Bukowski
“I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.”―Jonathan Safran Foer,Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
“She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars.”―Neil Gaiman,Stardust
“Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.”―Salvador Dali
“Men are afraid that women will laugh at them. Women are afraid that men will kill them.”―Margaret Atwood
“Do I contradict myself?Very well then I contradict myself,(I am large, I contain multitudes.)”―Walt Whitman,Leaves of Grass
“It's a lot easier to be lost than found. It's the reason we're always searching and rarely discovered--so many locks not enough keys.”―Sarah Dessen,Lock and Key
“Sometimes,' said Pooh, 'the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.”―A.A. Milne
“Any fool knows men and women think differently at times, but the biggest difference is this. Men forget, but never forgive; women forgive, but never forget.”―Robert Jordan
“When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.”―Laurie Halse Anderson,Speak
“One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn.”―Ayn Rand,Atlas Shrugged
“Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.”―José N. Harris,MI VIDA: A Story of Faith, Hope and Love
“I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.”―Rodney Dangerfield
“There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.”―Christopher Morley,Pipefuls
“America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.”―Abraham Lincoln
“A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.”―Lao Tzu
“A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.”―Nathaniel Hawthorne,Fanshawe
“I realize only one person will be damaged beyond repair if Peeta dies. Me.”―Suzanne Collins,Catching Fire
“A book is really like a lover. It arranges itself in your life in a way that is beautiful.”―Maurice Sendak
“Some people say, “Never let them see you cry.” I say, if you’re so mad you could just cry, then cry. It terrifies everyone.”―Tina Fey,Bossypants
“Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.”―Marcus Aurelius ,Meditations
“A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.”―Douglas Adams,Mostly Harmless
“Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.”―Deborah Reber,Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul: 101 Stories of Life, Love and Learning
“In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate.”―Isaac Asimov
“I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.”―George Carlin
“All the secrets of the world are contained in books. Read at your own risk.”―Lemony Snicket
“Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another.”―Carl Sagan,Cosmos
“I stood still, vision blurring, and in that moment, I heard my heart break. It was a small, clean sound, like the snapping of a flower's stem.”―Diana Gabaldon,Dragonfly in Amber
“Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.”―Margaret Mead
“I've got nothing to do today but smile.”―Simon and Garfunkel
“Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.”―Julian Barnes,Flaubert's Parrot
“Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.”―Rumi
“Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.”―Mark Twain
“I've found that there is always some beauty left -- in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you.”―Anne Frank,The Diary of a Young Girl
“It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.”―Marilyn Monroe
“There are so many fragile things, after all. People break so easily, and so do dreams and hearts.”―Neil Gaiman,Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders
“The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.”―William Arthur Ward
“Was it hard?" I ask.Letting go?"Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real.”―Lisa Schroeder
“The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.”―Alice Walker
“We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out.”―Ray Bradbury
“When he died, all things soft and beautiful and bright would be buried with him.”―Madeline Miller,The Song of Achilles
“A DEFINITION NOT FOUNDIN THE DICTIONARYNot leaving: an act of trust and love,often deciphered by children”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“A truth that's told with bad intentBeats all the lies you can invent.”―William Blake,Auguries of Innocence
“It's like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness astory.”―Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
“Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.”―Winston S. Churchill
“A writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.”―Thomas Mann,Essays of Three Decades
“I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of.”―Charles Bukowski,Love Is a Dog from Hell
“Stay gold, Ponyboy. Stay gold . . .” The pillow seemed to sink a little, and Johnny died.”―S.E. Hinton,The Outsiders
“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.”―Kahlil Gibran
“I cannot sleep unless I am surrounded by books.”―Jorge Luis Borges
“Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.”―Joss Whedon
“Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.”―Carl Gustav Jung
“Dogs never bite me. Just humans.”―Marilyn Monroe
“Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort.”―Jane Austen
“I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“أتمنى أن أبكي و أرتجف , التصق بواحد من الكبار , لكن الحقيقة القاسية هي أنك الكبار! .. أنت من يجب أن يمنح القوة و الأمن للآخرين!”―أحمد خالد توفيق
“I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.”―Madonna
“The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“I am selfish. I am brave.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Princess
“Is it so bad, then, to be misunderstood? Pythagoras was misunderstood, and Socrates, and Jesus, and Luther, and Copernicus, and Galileo, and Newton, and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh. To be great is to be misunderstood.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson,Self Reliance
“The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.”―John Muir
“The capacity for friendship is God's way of apologizing for our families.”―Jay McInerney,The Last of the Savages
“You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.”―C. JoyBell C.
“Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice.”―Bill Watterson
“Stuff your eyes with wonder, he said, live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories.”―Ray Bradbury,Fahrenheit 451
“There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“Real loneliness is not necessarily limited to when you are alone.”―Charles Bukowski
“It is my belief... that the truth is generally preferable to lies.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“There is a sacredness in tears....They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition and of unspeakable love.”―Washington Irving
“You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.”―Mark Twain,A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court
“If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.”―Mark Twain
“A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.”―Kurt Vonnegut,The Sirens of Titan
“Better to be strong than pretty and useless.”―Lilith Saintcrow,Strange Angels
“I'm not going to wear a red dress," she said."It would look stunning, My Lady," she called.She spoke to the bubbles gathered on the surface of the water. "If there's anyone I wish to stun at dinner, I'll hit him in the face.”―Kristin Cashore,Graceling
“I am made of memories.”―Madeline Miller,The Song of Achilles
“Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”―Markus Zusak,I Am the Messenger
“Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.”―Bob Marley
“Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.”―Mother Theresa
“Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?”―Douglas Adams,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy
“From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.”―Groucho Marx
“The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough of is love.”―Henry Miller
“When everyone knows you’re a monster, you needn’t waste time doing every monstrous thing.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“We both have war inside us. Sometimes it keeps us alive. Sometimes it threatens to destroy us.”―Veronica Roth,Insurgent
“People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned.”―Saul Bellow
“A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.”―Douglas Adams,The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time
“You only get one life. It's actually your duty to live it as fully as possible.”―Jojo Moyes,Me Before You
“Don't feel bad for one moment about doing what brings you joy.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Thorns and Roses
“Science and religion are not at odds. Science is simply too young to understand.”―Dan Brown,Angels & Demons
“Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens”―Jimi Hendrix
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.”―Thomas Jefferson
“It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.”―John Guare,Landscape of the Body
“I've been homesick for countries I've never been, and longed to be where I couldn't be.”―John Cheever
“Still round the corner there may waitA new road or a secret gateAnd though I oft have passed them byA day will come at last when IShall take the hidden paths that runWest of the Moon, East of the Sun.”―J.R.R. Tolkien
“Love the life you live.Live the life you love.”―Bob Marley
“You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Survivor
“Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.”―Leo Tolstoy,Anna Karenina
“Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.”―Dan Brown,The Lost Symbol
“Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.”―Douglas Adams,Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
“Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.”―Will Rogers
“I believe a strong woman may be stronger than a man, particularly if she happens to have love in her heart. I guess a loving woman is indestructible.”―John Steinbeck,East of Eden
“Our story has three parts: a beginning, a middle, and an end. And although this is the way all stories unfold, I still can't believe that ours didn't go on forever.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“And he took her in his arms and kissed her under the sunlit sky, and he cared not that they stood high upon the walls in the sight of many.”―J.R.R. Tolkien
“Of all the trees we could've hit, we had to get one that hits back.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
“being alone never felt right. sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right.”―Charles Bukowski,Women
“I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.”―Louisa May Alcott,Little Women
“If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.”―Hermann Hesse,Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend
“It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.”―Noël Coward,Blithe Spirit
“Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.”―Benjamin Franklin,Poor Richard's Almanack
“Cruelty does not make a person dishonest, the same way bravery does not make a person kind.”―Veronica Roth,Insurgent
“She was the heir of ash and fire, and she would bow to no one.”―Sarah J. Maas,Heir of Fire
“Anyone who falls in love is searching for the missing pieces of themselves. So anyone who's in love gets sad when they think of their lover. It's like stepping back inside a room you have fond memories of, one you haven't seen in a long time.”―Murakami, Haruki
“You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“There is no such thing as bad people. We’re all just people who sometimes do bad things.”―Colleen Hoover,It Ends with Us
“Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.”―Victor Hugo,William Shakespeare
“Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.”―Dorothy Parker
“I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.”―Tahereh Mafi,Shatter Me
“Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you.”―Chuck Klosterman,Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story
“My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.”―Abraham Lincoln
“let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences”―Sylvia Plath,The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
“The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless unremembered acts of kindness and love.”―William Wordsworth,Lyrical Ballads
“I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?"Death thought about it.CATS, he said eventually. CATS ARE NICE.”―Terry Pratchett,Sourcery
“Kindred spirits are not so scarce as I used to think. It's splendid to find out there are so many of them in the world.”―L.M. Montgomery,Anne of Green Gables
“If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then I'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.”―David Byrne
“A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.”―Irina Dunn
“I like good strong words that mean something…”―Louisa May Alcott,Little Women
“Winter is coming.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“Fools talk, cowards are silent, wise men listen.”―Carlos Ruiz Zafon,The Shadow of the Wind
“Maybe there is a beast… maybe it's only us.”―William Golding,Lord of the Flies
“Every now and then I like to do as I'm told, just to confuse people.”―Tamora Pierce,Melting Stones
“Lighthouses don’t go running all over an island looking for boats to save; they just stand there shining.”―Anne Lamott
“Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.”―Terry Pratchett
“Don't be so humble - you are not that great.”―Golda Meir
“If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.”―Mark Twain
“I was wise enough never to grow up, while fooling people into believing I had.”―Margaret Mead
“It's possible to go on, no matter how impossible it seems, and that in time, the grief . . . lessens. It may not go away completely, but after a while it's not so overwhelming.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.”―William Blake
“There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.”―Charles Dickens,Oliver Twist
“Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?”―Douglas Adams,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy
“It is thanks to my evening reading alone that I am still more or less sane.”―W.G. Sebald,Vertigo
“People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within.”―Ursula K. Le Guin,The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
“I knew the second I met youthat there was something about you I needed. Turns out itwasn’t something about you at all. It was just you.”―Jamie McGuire,Beautiful Disaster
“My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.”―Patricia Highsmith
“I am constantly torn between killing myself and killing everyone around me.”―David Levithan,Will Grayson, Will Grayson
“Make your own Bible. Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.”―Jane Goodall
“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”―Bette Midler
“A good book is an event in my life.”―Stendhal,The Red and the Black
“May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.”―George Carlin
“Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“Never give up... No one knows what's going to happen next.”―L. Frank Baum
“The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.”―George Orwell,Animal Farm
“!لك شيء في هذا العالم.. فقم”―غسان كنفاني
“There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.”―John Steinbeck,The Grapes of Wrath
“He was going to live forever, or die in the attempt.”―Joseph Heller,Catch-22
“Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.”―Dr. Seuss
“To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.”―Oscar Wilde,An Ideal Husband
“One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence.”―Karen Marie Moning,Bloodfever
“Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.”―Alan Watts
“Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.”―Jodi Picoult
“Books are easily destroyed. But words will live as long as people can remember them.”―Tahereh Mafi,Unravel Me
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”―Confucius
“And I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep.”―Kurt Vonnegut,Slaughterhouse-Five
“Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.”―T.S. Eliot
“People have forgotten this truth," the fox said. "But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose.”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,The Little Prince
“Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see.”―Edgar Allan Poe
“Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.”―C.S. Lewis
“I'm not sentimental--I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know,is that the sentimental person thinks things will last--the romanticperson has a desperate confidence that they won't.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,This Side of Paradise
“The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.”―Albert Einstein
“The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.”―W.B. Yeats
“A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.”―John Lennon
“Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.”―A.A. Milne
“If I'd observed all the rules I'd never have got anywhere.”―Marilyn Monroe
“If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too.”―Dr. Seuss
“I desire the things which will destroy me in the end.”―Sylvia Plath,The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
“When you spend so long trapped in darkness, Lucien, you find that the darkness begins to stare back.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Mist and Fury
“He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though...keep up with my news...check if I'm happy...”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
“My tongue will tell the anger of my heart, or else my heart concealing it will break.”―William Shakespeare,The Taming of the Shrew
“Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.”―Lewis Carroll ,Alice in Wonderland
“Your beliefs become your thoughts,Your thoughts become your words,Your words become your actions,Your actions become your habits,Your habits become your values,Your values become your destiny.”―Gandhi
“Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.”―Terry Pratchett,Reaper Man
“Do not go gentle into that good night.Rage, rage against the dying of the light.”―Dylan Thomas,In Country Sleep, and Other Poems
“In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.”―Terry Pratchett,Lords and Ladies
“Creativity is intelligence having fun.”―Albert Einstein
“We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.”―Leo Tolstoy,War and Peace
“Most books on witchcraft will tell you that witches work naked. This is because most books on witchcraft were written by men.”―Neil Gaiman
“It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.”―Oscar Wilde,Lady Windermere's Fan
“Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.”―George Carlin
“There are good days and hard days for me—even now. Don’t let the hard days win.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Mist and Fury
“Only the dead have seen the end of war.”―Plato
“Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”―Sharon Salzberg
“Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.”―Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
“No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same.”―Jay Asher,Thirteen Reasons Why
“People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people.”―Alan Moore,V for Vendetta
“For whatever we lose (like a you or a me),It's always our self we find in the sea.”―e.e. cummings,100 Selected Poems
“Don't wait for a light to appear at the end of the tunnel, stride down there and light the bloody thing yourself.”―Sara Henderson
“I say let the world go to hell, but I should always have my tea.”―Fyodor Dostoevsky,Notes from Underground
“Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH.”―Terry Pratchett,Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch
“I didn’t need you, you idiot. I picked you. And then you picked me back.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Return of the King
“But he who dares not grasp the thornShould never crave the rose.”―Anne Bronte
“You're alive only once, as far as we know, and what could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it?”―Edward Albee
“You possess other people's...bodies."He accepted that statement with a nod."Do you want to possess my body?""I want to do a lot of things to your body, but that's not one of them.”―Becca Fitzpatrick,Hush, Hush
“One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside.”―John Lennon
“Love is the absence of judgment.”―Dalai Lama XIV
“There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.”―Kazuo Ishiguro
“Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted.”―Sylvia Plath
“The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.”―Douglas Adams,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy
“There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.”―J. K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.”―Mark Twain
“The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.”―Isabel Allende
“Compassion is the basis of morality.”―Arthur Schopenhauer
“If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself.”―George Orwell,1984
“When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.”―Milan Kundera,The Unbearable Lightness of Being
“Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.”―Benjamin Franklin
“Most of all, I hate you because I think of you. Often. It's disgusting, and I can't stop.”―Holly Black,The Cruel Prince
“We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.”―Paulo Coelho
“Our memory is a more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer exist.”―Guy de Maupassant
“I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.”―C. S. Lewis
“You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against.”―Laurie Halse Anderson,Speak
“I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end.”―Gilda Radner
“There is greatness in doing something you hate for the sake of someone you love.”―Shmuley Boteach
“Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.”―Marilyn Monroe
“Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”―Marilyn Monroe
“Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.”―Thomas Merton ,No Man Is an Island
“Youth can not know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.”―J.K. Rowling ,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“My library is an archive of longings.”―Susan Sontag,As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks, 1964-1980
“When I had nothing to lose, I had everything. When I stopped being who I am, I found myself.”―Paulo Coelho,Eleven Minutes
“Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.”―Napoleon Bonaparte
“Then I realize what it is. It's him. Something about him makes me feel like I am about to fall. Or turn to liquid. Or burst into flames.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“So when the moon's only partly full, you only feel a little wolfy?""You could say that.""Well, you can go ahead and hang your head out the car window if you feel like it.""I'm a werewolf, not a golden retriever.”―Cassandra Clare
“Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.”―Lao Tsu,Tao Teh Ching
“My bounty is as boundless as the sea,My love as deep; the more I give to thee,The more I have, for both are infinite.”―William Shakespeare,Romeo and Juliet
“In a time of destruction, create something.”―Maxine Hong Kingston
“silence is the language of god,all else is poor translation.”―Rumi
“Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.”―Margaret Lee Runbeck
“It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.”―Patrick Rothfuss,The Wise Man’s Fear
“They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.”―Benjamin Franklin,Memoirs of the life & writings of Benjamin Franklin
“You can have it all. Just not all at once.”―Oprah Winfrey
“I bet you could sometimes find all the mysteries of the universe in someone's hand.”―Benjamin Alire Sáenz,Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe
“I'm saying that I'm a moody, insecure, narrow-minded, jealous, borderline homicidal bitch, and I want you to promise me that you're okay with that, because it's who I am, and you're what I need.”―Jeaniene Frost,Halfway to the Grave
“Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know.”―Eoin Colfer,Artemis Fowl
“I wish I were a girl again, half-savage and hardy, and free.”―Emily Brontë,Wuthering Heights
“A child can teach an adult three things: to be happy for no reason, to always be busy with something, and to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires.”―Paulo Coelho
“A girl should be two things: who and what she wants.”―Coco Chanel,Gospel According to Coco Chanel: Life Lessons From The World's Most Elegant Woman
“و كلما أمسكت بحالة من حالاتي و قلت هذا هو أنا .. ما تلبث هذه الحالة أن تفلت من أصابعي و تحل محلها حالة أخرى .. هي أنا .. أيضاً..”―مصطفى محمود,لغز الموت
“Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.”―Confucious
“Life isn't finding shelter in the storm. It's about learning to dance in the rain.”―Sherrilyn Kenyon,Acheron
“I suppose a fire that burns that bright is not meant to last.”―Veronica Roth,Allegiant
“We didn't talk about anything heavy or light. We were just there together. And that was enough”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness.”―George R.R. Martin,A Song of Ice and Fire, 5-Book Boxed Set: A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords, A Feast for Crows, A Dance with Dragons
“Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light;I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.”―Sarah   Williams,Twilight Hours: A Legacy of Verse
“Keep in mind that people change, but the past doesn't.”―Becca Fitzpatrick,Hush, Hush
“There is only one sin. and that is theft... when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.”―Khaled Hosseini,The Kite Runner
“Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.”―Mark Twain
“The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.”―Eleanor Roosevelt
“Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.”―Charles Dickens
“Books are the carriers of civilization...They are companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of the mind. Books are humanity in print.”―Barbara W. Tuchman
“Your friend's poetry is terrible," he said.Clary blinked, caught momentarily off guard. "What?""I said his poetry was terrible. It sounds like he ate a dictionary and started vomiting up words at random.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.”―Jane Austen,Pride and Prejudice
“Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.”―Mother Teresa
“You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.”―Sarah Dessen,Keeping the Moon
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”―Zig Ziglar
“أحسد الأطفال الرضّع، لأنهم يملكون وحدهم حق الصراخ والقدرة عليه، قبل أن تروض الحياة حبالهم الصوتية، وتعلِّمهم الصمت”―أحلام مستغانمي,ذاكرة الجسد
“But in a solitary life, there are rare moments when another soul dips near yours, as stars once a year brush the earth. Such a constellation was he to me.”―Madeline Miller,Circe
“A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.”―Henry Miller,The Books in My Life
“A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.”―David Mitchell,Cloud Atlas
“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.”―Paulo Coelho,Brida
“Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.”―Oscar Wilde
“Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“We need, in love, to practice only this: letting each other go. For holding on comes easily; we do not need to learn it.”―Rainer Maria Rilke,Translations from the Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke
“I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't.”―Albert Camus,The Stranger
“A lot of you cared, just not enough.”―Jay Asher,Thirteen Reasons Why
“Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.”―Winston Churchill
“I do not think, sir, you have any right to command me, merely because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have; your claim to superiority depends on the use you have made of your time and experience.”―Charlotte Brontë,Jane Eyre
“Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.”―Barack Obama
“So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookshelf on the wall.”―Roald Dahl
“I'll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from 'almost extinct' to 'not extinct enough for Alec. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct.' Will that make you happy?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?”―Charles M. Schulz
“Is there no way out of the mind?”―Sylvia Plath
“Where there is love, there is often also hate. They can exist side by side.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.”―Frank Zappa
“It's all in the view. That's what I mean about forever, too. For any one of us our forever could end in an hour, or a hundred years from now. You never know for sure, so you'd better make every second count.”―Sarah Dessen,The Truth About Forever
“Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough. You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.”―J.M. Barrie,Peter Pan
“When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.”―Paulo Coelho,Brida
“Dreams like a podcast,Downloading truth in my ears.They tell me cool stuff.""Apollo?" I guess, because I figured nobody else could make a haiku that bad.He put his finger to his lips. "I'm incognito. Call me Fred.""A god named Fred?”―Rick Riordan
“The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.”―Christopher Hitchens
“Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.”―Lady Gaga
“Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.”―Ayn Rand
“Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.”―Herbert Hoover
“A snowball in the face is surely the perfect beginning to a lasting friendship.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“And thus the heart will break, yet brokenly live on.”―George Gordon Byron
“Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.”―Joseph Heller,Catch-22
“I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.”―Nicholas Sparks
“Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.”―Jim Morrison
“All alone! Whether you like it or not, alone is something you'll be quite a lot!”―Dr. Seuss,Oh, the Places You'll Go! and The Lorax
“If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.”―Dorothy Parker
“But it is the nature of stars to cross, and never was Shakespeare more wrong than when he has Cassius note, ‘The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars / But in ourselves.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. ”―Coco Chanel
“Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning...”―C.S. Lewis
“If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.”―Jane Austen,Emma
“Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.”―Mark Twain
“The truth is what I make it. I could set this world on fire and call it rain.”―Victoria Aveyard,Red Queen
“Beautiful face. Beautiful body. Horrible attitude. It was the holy trinity of hot boys.”―Jennifer L. Armentrout,Obsidian
“God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself because there is no such thing.”―C.S. Lewis
“Politeness is deception in pretty packaging.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind.”―H. P. Lovecraft
“How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.”―Kurt Vonnegut,Slaughterhouse-Five
“Without suffering, there'd be no compassion.”―Nicholas Sparks,A Walk to Remember
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Families are messy. Immortal families are eternally messy. Sometimes the best we can do is to remind each other that we're related for better or for worse...and try to keep the maiming and killing to a minimum.”―Rick Riordan,The Sea of Monsters
“No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.”―François de La Rochefoucauld
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”―Steve Maraboli
“If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.”―Steve Maraboli,Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain.”―Audrey Hepburn
“The saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to make it last.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.”―William Wordsworth
“Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but only saps today of its strength.”―A.J. Cronin
“Let our scars fall in love.”―Galway Kinnell
“If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.”―Lev Grossman,The Magicians
“If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.”―Nicholas Sparks
“You can't stop the futureYou can't rewind the pastThe only way to learn the secret...is to press play.”―Jay Asher,Thirteen Reasons Why
“We're staying together," he promised. "You're not getting away from me. Never again.”―Rick Riordan,The Mark of Athena
“It is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between.”―C.S. Lewis
“A word after a word after a word is power.”―Margaret Atwood
“I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.”―Marilyn Monroe
“- "Why don't you like to be touched?"- "Because I'm fifty shades of fucked-up, Anastasia”―E.L. James,Fifty Shades of Grey
“The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.”―Daniel J. Boorstin
“I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.”―Edna St. Vincent Millay
“We've got to live, no matter how many skies have fallen.”―D.H. Lawrence,Lady Chatterley's Lover
“Here is a lesson in creative writing. First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you've been to college.”―Kurt Vonnegut,A Man Without a Country
“If you want to find out what a man is to the bottom, give him power. Any man can stand adversity — only a great man can stand prosperity. It is the glory of Abraham Lincoln that he never abused power only on the side of mercy”―Robert Ingersoll
“Books are not made to be believed, but to be subjected to inquiry. When we consider a book, we mustn't ask ourselves what it says but what it means...”―Umberto Eco,The Name of the Rose
“Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky.”―Barbara Kingsolver,The Poisonwood Bible
“This is the way the world endsNot with a bang but a whimper.”―T.S. Eliot
“It was a mistake," you said. But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you.”―David Levithan,The Lover's Dictionary
“It wouldn't be my move," Jace agreed. "First the candy and flowers, then the apology letters, then the ravenous demon hordes. In that order.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.”―Aldous Huxley
“My name is Celaena Sardothien. But it makes no difference if my name's Celaena or Lillian or Bitch, because I'd still beat you, no matter what you call me.”―Sarah J. Maas,Throne of Glass
“If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads.”―Francois Mauriac
“Honestly, if you were any slower, you’d be going backward.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
“Do not be afraid; our fateCannot be taken from us; it is a gift.”―Dante Alighieri,Inferno
“They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Prince
“The trouble is not in dying for a friend, but in finding a friend worth dying for.”―Mark Twain
“Who, being loved, is poor?”―Oscar Wilde
“Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.”―Robert Orben
“We take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.”―Cynthia Ozick
“I drink to make other people more interesting.”―Hemingway, Ernest
“As it has been said:Love and a coughcannot be concealed.Even a small cough.Even a small love.”―Anne Sexton
“Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.”―Euripides,The Bacchae
“Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.”―Emma Donoghue,Room
“Open your heart. Someone will come. Someone will come for you. But first you must open your heart.”―Kate DiCamillo,The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane
“A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.”―Hunter S. Thompson,The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967
“Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.”―Orhan Pamuk,Snow
“If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.”―Dalai Lama XIV
“You are not your job, you're not how much money you have in the bank. You are not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet. You are not your fucking khakis. You are all singing, all dancing crap of the world.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club
“The helpful thought for which you lookIs written somewhere in a book.”―Edward Gorey
“Don't compromise yourself - you're all you have.”―John Grisham,The Rainmaker
“If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut”―Albert Einstein
“Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.”―Martin Luther King Jr.
“Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.”―Confucius
“By the pricking of my thumbs,Something wicked this way comes.”―William Shakespeare,Macbeth
“Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.”―Desmond Tutu
“Even in the Future the Story Begins with Once Upon a Time.”―Marissa Meyer,Cinder
“From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!”―Dr. Seuss,One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish
“Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on TheeAnd I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.”―Robert Frost
“A house without books is like a room without windows.”―Horace Mann
“The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff.”―Carl Sagan,Cosmos
“the free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.”―Charles Bukowski,Tales of Ordinary Madness
“I felt like crying but nothing came out. it was just a sort of sad sickness, sick sad, when you can't feel any worse. I think you know it. I think everybody knows it now and then. but I think I have known it pretty often, too often.”―Charles Bukowski,Tales of Ordinary Madness
“No one can construct for you the bridge upon which precisely you must cross the stream of life, no one but you yourself alone.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Our mothers always remain the strangest, craziest people we've ever met.”―Marguerite Duras
“So many things become beautiful when you really look.”―Lauren Oliver,Before I Fall
“Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing.”―Rick Riordan,The Lightning Thief
“Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.”―Kahlil Gibran
“One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.”―A.A. Milne
“The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.”―Thomas Paine,A Letter Addressed to the Abbe Raynal on the Affairs of North America
“Time is the longest distance between two places.”―Tennessee Williams,The Glass Menagerie
“No one has ever become poor by giving.”―Anne Frank,diary of Anne Frank: the play
“Because you can't argue with all the fools in the world. It's easier to let them have their way, then trick them when they're not paying attention.”―Christopher Paolini
“I thought I'd lie on the floor and writhe in pain for a while," he grunted, "It relaxes me.""It does? Oh - you're being sarcastic. That's a good sign probably.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“What she was finding also was how one book led to another, doors kept opening wherever she turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.”―Alan Bennett,The Uncommon Reader
“She refused to be bored chiefly because she wasn't boring.”―Zelda Fitzgerald,The Collected Writings
“You see I usually find myself among strangers because I drift here and there trying to forget the sad things that happened to me.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.”―Maya Angelou
“Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, "It might have been.”―Kurt Vonnegut
“I'm on Aslan's side even if there isn't any Aslan to lead it. I'm going to live as like a Narnian as I can even if there isn't any Narnia.”―C.S. Lewis,The Silver Chair
“When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.”―Ernest Hemingway
“That's what careless words do. They make people love you a little less.”―Arundhati Roy,The God of Small Things
“Courage is found in unlikely places.”―J.R.R. Tolkien
“The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.”―Anna Quindlen
“My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.”―Abraham Lincoln
“I'm a business man," he'd told her. "No more, no less.""You're a thief, Kaz.""Isn't that what I just said?”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“Whenever you read a cancer booklet or website or whatever, they always list depression among the side effects of cancer. But, in fact, depression is not a side effect of cancer. Depression is a side effect of dying.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“I want you always to remember me. Will you remember that I existed, and that I stood next to you here like this?”―Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood
“إن المرأة تحب رجلها ليس لأنه أقوى الرجال، و لا أوسمهم، و لا أغناهم، بل لأنه هو.. بضعفه و قوته.. و الحب ليس إستعراض قوة لكنه طاقة عطاء دافئة مستمرة”―أحمد خالد توفيق
“Did you ever think that in a past life Alec was an old woman with ninety cats who was always yelling at the neighborhood kids to get off her lawn? Because I do,”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“And I guess I realized at that moment that I really did love her. Because there was nothing to gain, and that didn't matter.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.”―Oscar Wilde
“Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.”―Lemony Snicket,Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
“I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.”―Oscar Wilde
“There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they'll take you.”―Beatrix Potter
“Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.”―Maya Angelou
“Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.”―Lois McMaster Bujold,A Civil Campaign
“The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.”―Stephanie Perkins,Anna and the French Kiss
“My soul will find yours.”―Jude Deveraux,A Knight in Shining Armor
“Don't let the bastards grind you down.”―Margaret Atwood,The Handmaid’s Tale
“Try a little harder to be a little better.”―Gordon B. Hinckley
“Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.”―Frances Hodgson Burnett,The Secret Garden
“those who escape hellhowevernever talk aboutitand nothing muchbothers themafterthat.”―Charles Bukowski
“Let me give you a piece of advice. The handsome young fellow who's trying to rescue you from a hideous fate is never wrong. Not even if he says the sky is purple and made of hedgehogs.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.”―Santosh Kalwar,Quote Me Everyday
“Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.”―Lemony Snicket,The Beatrice Letters
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”―Roy T. Bennett
“We were like gods at the dawning of the world, & our joy was so bright we could see nothing else but the other.”―Madeline Miller,The Song of Achilles
“There is only one page left to write on. I will fill it with words of only one syllable. I love. I have loved. I will love.”―Dodie Smith,I Capture the Castle
“Fear is a phoenix. You can watch it burn a thousand times and still it will return.”―Leigh Bardugo,Crooked Kingdom
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Ah, my daughter,ʺ he said. ʺEighteen, and already youʹve been accused of murder, aided felons, and acquired a death count higher than most guardians will ever see.ʺ He paused. ʺI couldnʹt be prouder.”―Richelle Mead,Last Sacrifice
“Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. What if Christmas...perhaps...means a little bit more!”―Dr. Seuss,How the Grinch Stole Christmas!
“She had always wanted words, she loved them; grew up on them. Words gave her clarity, brought reason, shape.”―Michael Ondaatje,The English Patient
“The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image.”―Thomas Merton,The Way of Chuang Tzu
“May the odds be ever in your favor!”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“It's not gray," Clary felt compelled to point out. "It's green.""If there was such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood," said Jace.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.”―Charles Dickens,A Tale of Two Cities
“I always channel my emotions into my work. That way, I don't hurt anyone but myself.”―Suzanne Collins,Catching Fire
“Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.”―Rumi,Masnavi i Man'avi, the spiritual couplets of Maula
“I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.”―Abraham Lincoln
“Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell.”―Edna St. Vincent Millay
“Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.”―Laini Taylor,Daughter of Smoke & Bone
“True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.”―Kiera Cass,The Selection
“The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.”―Blaise Pascal
“I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”―Anne Frank,The Diary of a Young Girl
“When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.”―Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching
“A childhood without books – that would be no childhood. That would be like being shut out from the enchanted place where you can go and find the rarest kind of joy.”―Astrid Lindgren
“When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?”―George Eliot
“Did you know that 'I told you so' has a brother,Jacob?" she asked cutting me off. "His name is 'Shut the hell up'.”―Stephenie Meyer,Breaking Dawn
“I wrote the story myself. It's about a girl who lost her reputation and never missed it.”―Mae West
“Sometimes, when I have to do something I don't want to do, I pretend I'm a character from a book. It's easier to know what they would do.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“The pleasure of all reading is doubled when one lives with another who shares the same books.”―Katherine Mansfield
“Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.”―Julio Cortázar
“I am different, not less.”―Temple Grandin
“Reading brings us unknown friends”―Honore de Balzac
“Once upon a time, an angel and a devil fell in love.It did not end well.”―Laini Taylor,Daughter of Smoke & Bone
“I cannot make you understand. I cannot make anyone understand what is happening inside me. I cannot even explain it to myself.”―Franz Kafka,The Metamorphosis
“Tears are words that need to be written.”―Paulo Coelho
“If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen.”―Conan O'Brien
“You're an idiot.""I've never claimed to be otherwise.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.”―Pablo Picasso
“Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here!”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.”―Max Lucado,He Still Moves Stones: Everyone Needs a Miracle
“Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.”―George Bernard Shaw
“Sometimes you read a book so special that you want to carry it around with you for months after you've finished just to stay near it.”―Markus Zusak
“I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list.”―Susan Sontag
“I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.”―Virginia Woolf
“What day is it?” asked Pooh.“It’s today,” squeaked Piglet.“My favorite day,” said Pooh.”―A.A. Milne
“It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.”―Ursula K. Le Guin,The Left Hand of Darkness
“You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“Words were different when they lived inside of you.”―Benjamin Alire Sáenz,Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe
“و كن من أنتَ حيث تكونو احمل عبءَ قلبِكَ وحدهُ”―محمود درويش
“There is no place like home.”―L. Frank Baum,The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
“Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.”―Elie Wiesel
“Whatever you're meant to do, do it now. The conditions are always impossible.”―Doris Lessing
“Time was passing like a hand waving from a train I wanted to be on.I hope you never have to think about anything as much as I think about you.”―jonathan safran foer
“In order to riseFrom its own ashesA phoenixFirstMustBurn.”―Octavia Butler,Parable of the Talents
“Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters.”―Neil Gaiman
“Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what’s for lunch.”―Orson Welles
“I am free and that is why I am lost.”―Franz Kafka
“Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don’t go along with that. The memories I value most, I don’t ever see them fading.”―Kazuo Ishiguro,Never Let Me Go
“The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!”―Edward J. Stieglitz
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”―Roy T. Bennett
“There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.”―Socrates
“I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat.”―Rebecca West
“I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!”―Dr. Seuss,Horton Hatches the Egg
“Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future.”―Deepak Chopra
“And I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, 'If this isn't nice, I don't know what is.”―Kurt Vonnegut Jr.,A Man Without a Country
“The trouble is not that I am single and likely to stay single, but that I am lonely and likely to stay lonely.”―Charlotte Brontë
“Remain true to yourself, child. If you know your own heart, you will always have one friend who does not lie.”―Marion Zimmer Bradley,The Forest House
“Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.”―Fyodor Dostoevsky,Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead
“The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.”―Nikolai V. Gogol
“Give her hell from us, Peeves.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“If you love what you do and are willing to do what it takes, it's within your reach. And it'll be worth every minute you spend alone at night, thinking and thinking about what it is you want to design or build. It'll be worth it, I promise.”―Steve Wozniak
“Sometimes beautiful things come into our lives out of nowhere. We can't always understand them, but we have to trust in them. I know you want to question everything, but sometimes it pays to just have a little faith.”―Lauren Kate,Torment
“so I wait for you like a lonely housetill you will see me again and live in me.Till then my windows ache.”―Pablo Neruda,100 Love Sonnets
“It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.”―Terry Pratchett
“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.”―Marcel Proust
“You are all the colors in one, at full brightness.”―Jennifer Niven,All the Bright Places
“I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.”―J.D. Salinger,Franny and Zooey
“I am always saying "Glad to've met you" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.”―J.D. Salinger,The Catcher in the Rye
“Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.”―P.C. Cast,Betrayed
“Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.”―Carl Sandburg
“Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.”―Søren Kierkegaard ,The Concept of Anxiety: A Simple Psychologically Orienting Deliberation on the Dogmatic Issue of Hereditary Sin
“There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“Can you understand? Someone, somewhere, can you understand me a little, love me a little? For all my despair, for all my ideals, for all that - I love life. But it is hard, and I have so much - so very much to learn.”―Sylvia Plath,The Journals of Sylvia Plath
“A diary with no drawings of me in it? Where are the torrid fantasies? The romance covers?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone.”―Edgar Allan Poe
“We rip out so much of ourselves to be cured of things faster than we should that we go bankrupt by the age of thirty and have less to offer each time we start with someone new. But to feel nothing so as not to feel anything - what a waste!”―Andre Aciman,Call Me by Your Name
“The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive.”―Rick Riordan,The Last Olympian
“There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats.”―Albert Schweitzer
“You are not entitled to your opinion. You are entitled to yourinformedopinion. No one is entitled to be ignorant.”―Harlan Ellison
“You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club
“Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.”―Voltaire
“...and then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough?”―Vincent Willem van Gogh
“It is easy to love people in memory; the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.”―John Updike,My Father's Tears and Other Stories
“Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.”―Charles Lamb,The life, letters and writings of Charles Lamb Volume 3
“Books, she has found, are a way to live a thousand lives--or to find strength in a very long one.”―V.E. Schwab,The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue
“You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.”―Maya Angelou
“It's hard to enjoy practical jokes when your whole life feels like one.”―Rick Riordan,The Last Olympian
“Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.”―Robert A. Heinlein,Starship Troopers
“Writing is like sex. First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money.”―Virginia Woolf
“When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.”―Margaret Walker
“The finest of pleasures are always the unexpected ones.”―Erin Morgenstern,The Night Circus
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”―Roy T. Bennett
“Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.”―Dr. Seuss
“It's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.”―Nick Hornby
“If you don't know history, then you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree. ”―Michael Crichton
“Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.”―James Baldwin
“Boring damned people. All over the earth. Propagating more boring damned people. What a horror show. The earth swarmed with them.”―Charles Bukowski
“I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice.”―J.D. Salinger,The Catcher in the Rye
“When I was your age, television was called books.”―William Goldman,The Princess Bride
“If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.”―Robert Frost
“I like too many things and get all confused and hung-up running from one falling star to another till i drop. This is the night, what it does to you. I had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.”―Jack Kerouac
“It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill.”―Emilie Autumn,The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls
“Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.”―Yogi Berra,When You Come to a Fork in the Road, Take It!: Inspiration and Wisdom from One of Baseball's Greatest Heroes
“What do you want?""Just coffee. Black - like my soul.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Bones
“You're a painter. You're a baker. You like to sleep with the windows open. You never take sugar in your tea. And you always double-knot your shoelaces.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“It's not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong.”―Jon Krakauer,Into the Wild
“As a woman I have no country. As a woman I want no country. As a woman, my country is the whole world.”―Virginia Woolf
“I've got the guts to die. What I want to know is, have you got the guts to live?”―Tennessee Williams,Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
“It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known.”―Charles Dickens,A Tale of Two Cities
“I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.”―Mark Twain
“You want to know about anybody? See what books they read, and how they've been read...”―Keri Hulme,The Bone People
“The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.”―Peter Shaffer,Five Finger Exercise
“Sometimes, I feel the past and the future pressing so hard on either side that there's no room for the present at all.”―Evelyn Waugh,Brideshead Revisited
“There's things that happen in a person's life that are so scorched in the memory and burned into the heart that there's no forgetting them.”―John Boyne
“I used to dream about escaping my ordinary life, but my life was never ordinary. I had simply failed to notice how extraordinary it was.”―Ransom Riggs,Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
“There is a crack in everything.That's how the light gets in.”―Leonard Cohen,Selected Poems, 1956-1968
“The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history.”―George Orwell
“Very few of us are what we seem.”―Agatha Christie,The Man in the Mist
“I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take charge of me entirely. No one knows me or loves me completely. I have only myself”―Simone de Beauvoir
“I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.”―Robert Louis Stevenson,Travels with a Donkey in the Cévennes
“When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“I must have loved you a lot.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“One wordFrees us of all the weight and pain of life:That word is love.”―Sophocles
“May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Fellowship of the Ring
“Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.”―Joyce Carol Oates
“I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.”―James Baldwin,The Fire Next Time
“Friendship- my definition- is built on two things. Respect and trust. Both elements have to be there. And it has to be mutual. You can have respect for someone, but if you don't have trust, the friendship will crumble.”―Stieg Larsson,The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
“The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,And all the sweet serenity of books”―Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
“I think that we're all mentally ill. Those of us outside the asylums only hide it a little better - and maybe not all that much better after all.”―Stephen King
“We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.”―Arthur William Edgar O'Shaughnessy,Poems of Arthur O'Shaughnessy
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.”―E.E. Cummings
“Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true.”―E.Y. Harburg
“Is it possible for home to be a person and not a place?”―Stephanie Perkins,Anna and the French Kiss
“A library is infinity under a roof.”―Gail Carson Levine
“I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.”―Anais Nin
“No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.”―C.S. Lewis,A Grief Observed
“The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.”―Bob Marley
“You can make anything by writing.”―C.S. Lewis
“When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice.”―Bill Cosby
“Freeing yourself was one thing, claiming ownership of that freed self was another.”―Toni Morrison,Beloved
“Make your mistakes, take your chances, look silly, but keep on going. Don’t freeze up.”―Thomas Wolfe,You Can't Go Home Again
“It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Lord of the Rings
“There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.”―Adrienne Rich
“Black holes are where God divided by zero.”―Albert Einstein
“Truth only means something when it's hard to admit.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Last Song
“please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.”―Sun Tzu,The Art of War
“It is not the size of the dog in the fight that counts, but the fight in the dog that wins.”―Arthur G. Lewis,Stub Ends of Thought and Verse
“This was another of our fears: that Life wouldn't turn out to be like Literature.”―Julian Barnes,The Sense of an Ending
“I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.”―Sarah Dessen,The Truth About Forever
“Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.”―Michelle Hodkin,The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer
“When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.”―John Muir
“Open your eyes and see what you can with them before they close forever.”―Anthony Doerr,All the Light We Cannot See
“A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.”―Maya Angelou
“Some people have a way with words, and other people...oh, uh, not have way.”―Steve Martin
“My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.”―Warsan Shire
“If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one? Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone?”―Jodi Picoult,My Sister's Keeper
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family. ”―Jim Butcher
“The truth will set you free. But not until it is finished with you.”―David Foster Wallace,Infinite Jest
“When you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough.”―William Saroyan
“Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.”―Oscar Wilde
“Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before--more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.”―Charles Dickens,Great Expectations
“Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.”―Harvey Fierstein
“No Mourners.No Funerals.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.”―Alexandre Dumas,The Count of Monte Cristo
“Burdens are for shoulders strong enough to carry them.”―Margaret Mitchell,Gone with the Wind
“You are not special. You're not a beautiful and unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else. We're all part of the same compost heap. We're all singing, all dancing crap of the world.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club
“If I’m honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.”―Audrey Hepburn
“The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.”―Plato
“The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it...”―Nicholas Sparks,At First Sight
“الكراهية تكلف أكثر من الحب.. لأنها إحساس غير طبيعي.. إحساس عكسي مثل حركة الأجسام ضد جاذبية الأرض.. تحتاج إلى قوة إضافية وتستهلك وقوداً أكثر”―مصطفى محمود,في الحب والحياة
“Remember if people talk behind your back, it only means you are two steps ahead.”―Fannie Flagg,Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe
“If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.”―Terry Pratchett
“If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week.”―Charles Darwin,The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, 1809–82
“I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it -- to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once. ”―Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood
“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.”―Bob Dylan
“The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”―Edmund Burke
“Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.”―Robert Louis Stevenson
“I was not a pet, not a doll, not an animal.I was a survivor, and I was strong.I would not be weak, or helpless againI would not, could not be broken. Tamed.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Mist and Fury
“Being a writer is a very peculiar sort of a job: it's always you versus a blank sheet of paper (or a blank screen) and quite often the blank piece of paper wins.”―Neil Gaiman
“No book can be appreciated until it has been slept with and dreamed over.”―Eugene Field
“You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help.”―Bill Watterson
“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.”―Andy Warhol,The Philosophy of Andy Warhol
“Ginny!" said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. "Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
“Forbidden to remember, terrified to forget; it was a hard line to walk.”―Stephenie Meyer,New Moon
“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.”―Steve Jobs
“I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.”―Ayn Rand,The Fountainhead
“I had absolutely no interest in being somebody else's muse.I am not a muse.I am the somebody.End of fucking story.”―Taylor Jenkins Reid,Daisy Jones & The Six
“Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot.”―Neil Gaiman,The Sandman, Vol. 3: Dream Country
“That's the thing about depression: A human being can survive almost anything, as long as she sees the end in sight. But depression is so insidious, and it compounds daily, that it's impossible to ever see the end.”―Elizabeth Wurtzel,Prozac Nation
“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.”―Martin Luther King Jr.
“Books have to be heavy because the whole world's inside them.”―Cornelia Funke,Inkheart
“Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.”―Albert Camus
“Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.”―Albert Einstein
“The more one judges, the less one loves.”―Honoré de Balzac,Physiologie Du Mariage: Ou Meditations De Philosophie Eclectique, Sur Le Bonheur Et Le Malheur Conjugal
“I am only responsible for my own heart, you offered yours up for the smashing my darling. Only a fool would give out such a vital organ”―Anais Nin
“When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.”―Arrigo Boito
“Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.”―Bob Marley
“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.”―Nelson Mandela
“You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“To love another person is to see the face of God.”―Victor Hugo,Les Misérables
“I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.”―Hunter S. Thompson
“One person's craziness is another person's reality.”―Tim Burton
“Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.”―Mark Twain
“I am lonely, yet not everybody will do. I don't know why, some people fill the gaps and others emphasize my loneliness. In reality those who satisfy me are those who simply allow me to live with my ''idea of them.”―Anais Nin
“If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.”―Lawrence Ferlinghetti
“Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.”―Maya Angelou,Letter to My Daughter
“It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting.”―Lemony Snicket,The Grim Grotto
“I fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the years we were apart.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“Atticus, he was real nice.""Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.”―Harper Lee,To Kill a Mockingbird
“Nothing great in the world was accomplished without passion.”―Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
“When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Invisible Monsters
“When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.”―J.M. Barrie,Peter Pan
“Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.”―Edward Abbey
“Jace shook his blond head in exasperation."You had to make a crazy jail friend, didn't you? You couldn't just count ceiling tiles or tame a pet mouse like normal prisoners do?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Your silence will not protect you.”―Audre Lorde,Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches
“The Very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone.”―Jane Austen,Love and Friendship
“People change and forget to tell each other.”―Lillian Hellman
“It must require bravery to be honest all the time.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“You like someone who can't like you back because unrequited love can be survived in a way that once-requited love cannot. ”―John Green,Will Grayson, Will Grayson
“It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.”―W.C. Fields
“What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally the whole school knows.”―J. K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“It is never too late to be wise.”―Daniel Defoe,Robinson Crusoe
“Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.”―Aristotle
“To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.”―Yann Martel,Life of Pi
“Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.”―Ben Okri
“I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them. ”―Boris Pasternak
“My course is set for an uncharted sea.”―Dante Alighieri
“Remember me and smile, for it's better to forget than to remember me and cry.”―Dr. Seuss
“All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Even the strongest and bravest must sometimes weep. It shows they have a great heart, one that can feel compassion for others.”―Brian Jacques,Redwall
“Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.”―C.G. Jung
“Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.”―Sarah Dessen
“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”―Charles Darwin,The Life & Letters of Charles Darwin
“In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.”―Rumi
“The past is always tense, the future perfect.”―Zadie Smith
“I'd rather die on an adventure than live standing still.”―V.E. Schwab,A Darker Shade of Magic
“Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.”―Peter S. Beagle,The Last Unicorn
“I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.”―Charles Lamb
“To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.”―Elizabeth Gilbert,Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage
“What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.”―Stieg Larsson,The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
“There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...”―John Lennon
“I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.”―Robert Louis Stevenson,Essays of Robert Louis Stevenson
“The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.”―J.D. Salinger,The Catcher in the Rye
“Where words leave off, music begins.”―Heinrich Heine
“Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man?”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together”―Marilyn Monroe
“In the endthese things matter most:How well did you love?How fully did you live?How deeply did you let go?”―Jack Kornfield,Buddha's Little Instruction Book
“Words dazzle and deceive because they are mimed by the face. But black words on a white page are the soul laid bare.”―Guy de Maupassant
“Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.”―Mother Teresa
“We are all someone's monster.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“Do not read as children do to enjoy themselves, or, as the ambitious do to educate themselves. No, read to live.”―Gustave Flaubert
“What of Art?-It is a malady.--Love?-An Illusion.--Religion?-The fashionable substitute for Belief.--You are a sceptic.-Never! Scepticism is the beginning of Faith.--What are you?-To define is to limit.”―Oscar Wilde ,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.”―P.C. Cast  Kristin Cast
“The earth laughs in flowers.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The only thing better than imagining Dimitri carrying me in his arms was imagining him shirtless while carrying me in his arms.”―Richelle Mead,Vampire Academy
“Shut your eyes and see.”―James Joyce
“Curiouser and curiouser!”―Lewis Carroll,Alice in Wonderland
“A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.”―Phyllis Diller
“Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.”―Jean de La Fontaine
“Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.”―Mother Teresa
“But I love your feetonly because they walkedupon the earth and uponthe wind and upon the waters,until they found me.”―Pablo Neruda
“The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.”―Groucho Marx
“I don’t trust anybody. Not anybody. And the more that I care about someone, the more sure I am they’re going to get tired of me and take off.”―Rainbow Rowell,Fangirl
“If the moon smiled, she would resemble you.You leave the same impressionOf something beautiful, but annihilating.”―Sylvia Plath,Ariel: The Restored Edition
“Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.”―Leo Tolstoy
“To err is human, to forgive, divine.”―Alexander Pope,An Essay On Criticism
“Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult.”―Anne Rice,Interview with the Vampire
“You do have a story inside you; it lies articulate and waiting to be written — behind your silence and your suffering.”―Anne Rice
“Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.”―Mae West
“Headline?" he asked."'Swing Set Needs Home,'" I said."'Desperately Lonely Swing Set Needs Loving Home,'" he said."'Lonely, Vaguely Pedophilic Swing Set Seeks the Butts of Children,'" I said.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“I guess that’s just part of loving people: You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.”―Lauren Oliver,Delirium
“Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.”―Sigmund Freud
“They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!”―Dr. Seuss
“The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.”―Epicurus
“We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.”―Oscar Wilde
“I'd rather die my way than live yours.”―Lauren Oliver,Delirium
“My rapier wit hides my inner pain.”―Cassandra Clare
“There is a pleasure in the pathless woods,There is a rapture on the lonely shore,There is society, where none intrudes,By the deep sea, and music in its roar:I love not man the less, but Nature more”―Lord Byron
“Morning is wonderful. Its only drawback is that it comes at such an inconvenient time of day.”―Glen Cook,Sweet Silver Blues
“Um...is that thingtame?" Frank said.The horse whinnied angrily."I don't think so," Percy guessed. "He just said,'I will trample you to death, silly Chinese Canadian baby man'.”―Rick Riordan,The Son of Neptune
“People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.”―Carlos Ruiz Zafón,The Shadow of the Wind
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.”―Marie Curie
“I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?”―Ned Vizzini,It's Kind of a Funny Story
“I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.”―Kurt Cobain
“Second star to the right and straight on 'til morning. ”―J.M. Barrie,Peter Pan
“Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.”―Rainbow Rowell,Eleanor & Park
“The voice of the sea speaks to the soul.”―Kate Chopin,The Awakening
“If I am really a part of your dream, you'll come back one day.”―Paulo Coelho
“Never marry at all, Dorian. Men marry because they are tired, women, because they are curious: both are disappointed.”―Oscar Wilde,The Picture of Dorian Gray
“I love mankind, he said, "but I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular.”―Fyodor Dostoyevsky,The Brothers Karamazov
“It doesn't matter. I have books, new books, and I can bear anything as long as there are books.”―Jo Walton,Among Others
“The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear”―Aung San Suu Kyi
“But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.”―George Orwell,1984
“We shouldn't be looking for heroes, we should be looking for good ideas.”―Noam Chomsky
“You only live twice:Once when you are bornAnd once when you look death in the face”―Ian Fleming,You Only Live Twice
“I get a warm feeling among my books.”―Anthony Powell
“Whenever you feel like criticizing any one...just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed.”―G.K. Chesterton
“Those who have a 'why' to live, can bear with almost any 'how'.”―Viktor E. Frankl,Man’s Search for Meaning
“Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.”―Rumi Jalalud-Din
“Sorrow is how we learn to love. Your heart isn't breaking. It hurts because it's getting larger. The larger it gets, the more love it holds.”―Rita Mae Brown,Riding Shotgun
“Our lives are not our own. We are bound to others, past and present, and by each crime and every kindness, we birth our future.”―David Mitchell,Cloud Atlas
“If you liked being a teenager, there's something really wrong with you.”―Stephen King
“Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road.”―Jack Kerouac,On the Road
“Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.”―Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“If all the world hated you and believed you wicked, while your own conscience approved of you and absolved you from guilt, you would not be without friends.”―Charlotte Brontë,Jane Eyre
“أي علم هذا الذي لم يستطع حتى الآن أن يضع أصوات من نحب في أقراص ، أو زجاجة دواء نتناولها سرًّا ، عندما نصاب بوعكة عاطفية بدون أن يدري صاحبها كم نحن نحتاجه”―أحلام مستغانمي,عابر سرير
“Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.”―Anne Frank
“If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.”―George S. Patton
“The question is not what you look at, but what you see.”―Henry David Thoreau
“The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.”―Mark Twain
“The only lies for which we are truly punished are those we tell ourselves.”―V. S. Naipaul,In a Free State
“One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life.”―Khalil Gibran
“The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter.”―Paulo Coelho,Veronika Decides to Die
“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”―Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.”―Louis L'Amour,Matagorda/The First Fast Draw: Two Novels in One Volume
“Holding anger is a poison...It eats you from inside...We think that by hating someone we hurt them...But hatred is a curved blade...and the harm we do to others...we also do to ourselves.”―Mitch Albom,The Five People You Meet in Heaven
“Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.”―Albert Camus
“Sometimes I wonder if there's something wrong with me. Perhaps I've spent too long in the company of my literary romantic heroes, and consequently my ideals and expectations are far too high.”―E.L. James,Fifty Shades of Grey
“Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.”―George Bernard Shaw
“Maybe some people are just meant to be in the same story.”―Jandy Nelson,I'll Give You the Sun
“I know of a cure for everything: salt water...in one way or the other. Sweat, or tears, or the salt sea.”―Karen Blixen
“Did you really want to die?""No one commits suicide because they want to die.""Then why do they do it?""Because they want to stop the pain.”―Tiffanie DeBartolo,How to Kill a Rock Star
“All happiness depends on courage and work.”―Honoré de Balzac
“Always be a poet, even in prose.”―Charles Baudelaire
“EvenAfterAll this timeThe Sun never says to the Earth,"You owe me."LookWhat happensWith a love like that,It lights the whole sky.”―Hafiz
“Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.”―Abraham Lincoln
“We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?”―Ray Bradbury,Fahrenheit 451
“Maybe our girlfriends are our soulmates and guys are just people to have fun with.”―Candace Bushnell,Sex and the City
“A small but noteworthy note. I've seen so many young men over the years who think they're running at other young men. They are not. They are running at me.”―Markus Zusak,The Book Thief
“Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.”―Carl Sagan,The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark
“This is how you do it: you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until its done. It's that easy, and that hard.”―Neil Gaiman
“Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.”―Marcus Aurelius,Meditations
“Some walks you have to take alone.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.”―Fannie Flagg,Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe
“But I didn't understand then. That I could hurt somebody so badly she would never recover. That a person can, just by living, damage another human being beyond repair.”―Haruki Murakami
“The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“I have nothing to declare except my genius.”―Oscar Wilde
“I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!”―Marilyn Monroe
“At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.”―Frida Kahlo
“The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.”―Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Patience, grasshopper," said Maia. "Good things come to those who wait.""I always thought that was 'Good things come to those who do the wave,'" said Simon. "No wonder I've been so confused all my life.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Hope is a waking dream.”―Aristotle
“You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“Pity those who don't feel anything at all.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Thorns and Roses
“I think; therefore I am.”―Rene Descartes
“Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.”―Anaïs Nin,Incest: From "A Journal of Love": The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin, 1932-1934
“All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope”―Alexandre Dumas,The Count of Monte Cristo
“Have you ever asked yourself, do monsters make war, or does war make monsters?”―Laini Taylor,Daughter of Smoke & Bone
“I like people too much or not at all. I've got to go down deep, to fall into people, to really know them.”―Sylvia Plath,The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
“I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you’ll take me in your arms again.”―Nicholas Sparks,Dear John
“Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear. The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say “My tooth is aching” than to say “My heart is broken.”―C.S. Lewis,The Problem of Pain
“Silence, I discover, is something you can actually hear.”―Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
“Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.”―Oprah Winfrey
“I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.”―Bill Watterson
“The future is now. It's time to grow up and be strong. Tomorrow may well be too late.”―Neil LaBute,Reasons to Be Pretty
“A love like that was a serious illness, an illness from which you never entirely recover.”―Charles Bukowski,The People Look Like Flowers at Last
“Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate.”―C.G. Jung
“Ignite, my love. Ignite.”―Tahereh Mafi,Ignite Me
“Either you deal with what is the reality, or you can be sure that the reality is going to deal with you.”―Alex Haley
“If the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher. Overlong, detailed to the point of distraction-and ultimately, without a major resolution.”―Jasper Fforde,Something Rotten
“The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.”―Voltaire
“Every day is a new day. It is better to be lucky. But I would rather be exact. Then when luck comes you are ready.”―Ernest Hemingway,The Old Man and the Sea
“Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success.”―Oscar Wilde
“If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.”―Leo Tolstoy,Essays, Letters and Miscellanies
“You should write because you love the shape of stories and sentences and the creation of different words on a page. Writing comes from reading, and reading is the finest teacher of how to write.”―Annie Proulx
“you have to love something before you can hate it.”―Nicholas Sparks,The Last Song
“The future depends on what you do today.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less.”―C.S. Lewis
“When will you learn that there isn't a word for everything?”―Nicole Krauss,The History of Love
“To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.”―Victor Hugo
“You’re dangerous,” he says.“Why?”“Because you make me believe in the impossible”―Simone Elkeles,Rules of Attraction
“Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.”―Martin Luther King Jr.
“And then something invisible snapped insider her, and that which had come together commenced to fall apart.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“What a blessing it is to love books as I love them;- to be able to converse with the dead, and to live amidst the unreal!”―Thomas Babington Macaulay,The Selected Letters of Thomas Babington Macaulay
“And then I am going to rattle the stars.”―Sarah J. Maas,Heir of Fire
“When someone is in your heart, they're never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times.”―Mitch Albom,For One More Day
“You're the first Shadowhunter I've ever met."“That’s too bad,” said Jace, “since all the others you meet from now on will be a terrible letdown.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Fallen Angels
“And so I try to be kind to everything I see, and in everything I see, I see him.”―Hanya Yanagihara,A Little Life
“When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”―Pittacus Lore,I Am Number Four
“Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators.”―Stephen Fry
“No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn.”―Hal Borland
“Alec looked at her and shook his head. "How do you manage never to get mud on your clothes?"Isabelle shrugged philosophically. "I'm pure at heart. It repels the dirt.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character...Would you slow down? Or speed up?”―Chuck Palahniuk,Invisible Monsters
“Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter”―John Keats,Ode On A Grecian Urn And Other Poems
“Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.”―Francois Duc de la Rochefoucauld,Maxims
“The trouble was, I had been inadequate all along, I simply hadn't thought about it.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“A bit of trash now and then is good for the severest reader. It provides the necessary roughage in the literary diet.”―Phyllis McGinley
“Open a book this minute and start reading. Don’t move until you’ve reached page fifty. Until you’ve buried your thoughts in print. Cover yourself with words. Wash yourself away. Dissolve.”―Carol Shields,The Republic of Love
“A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.”―Oscar Wilde
“Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.”―Marilyn Monroe
“The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for one purpose only - and that is to support the ultimate career. ”―C.S. Lewis
“I was dead until you found me, though I breathed. I was sightless, though I could see. And then you came...and I was awakened.”―J.R. Ward,Lover Awakened
“The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up.”―Albert Einstein
“The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness. ”―Michel de Montaigne
“The only truth is music.”―Jack Kerouac
“Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.”―Cormac McCarthy,All the Pretty Horses
“The things you used to own, now they own you.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club
“...you know that a good, long session of weeping can often make you feel better, even if your circumstances have not changed one bit.”―Lemony Snicket,The Bad Beginning
“I hope that one day you will have the experience of doing something you do not understand for someone you love.”―Jonathan Safran Foer,Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
“Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall.”―F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
“I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?”―Stephanie Lennox,I Don't Remember You
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”―Steve Maraboli,Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.”―Bruce Lee
“If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.”―Frank Zappa
“We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken.”―Fyodor Dostoyevsky,Crime and Punishment
“Do you think that I count the days? There is only one day left, always starting over: it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.”―Jean-Paul Sartre
“We learn from failure, not from success!”―Bram Stoker,Dracula
“The earth has its music for those who will listen”―Reginald Vincent Holmes,Fireside Fancies
“You forget what you want to remember, and you remember what you want to forget.”―Cormac McCarthy,The Road
“I write differently from what I speak, I speak differently from what I think, I think differently from the way I ought to think, and so it all proceeds into deepest darkness.”―Franz Kafka
“The purpose of a storyteller is not to tell you how to think, but to give you questions to think upon.”―Brandon Sanderson,The Way of Kings
“Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.”―Moliere
“Alone. Yes, that's the key word, the most awful word in the English tongue. Murder doesn't hold a candle to it and hell is only a poor synonym.”―Stephen King
“If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—for ever.”―George Orwell,1984
“A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on. ”―William S. Burroughs
“there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone.”―Nicole Krauss,The History of Love
“He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.”―Douglas Adams,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy
“No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.”―Aristotle
“You might want to lie down," Magnus advised. "I find that it helps when the crushing sense of horrible realization sets in.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Ashes
“Why are you worrying about YOU-KNOW-WHO, when you should be worrying about YOU-NO-POO? The constipation sensation that's gripping the nation!”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
“Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.”―Dan Brown,The Da Vinci Code
“there is a place in the heart thatwill never be filleda spaceand even during thebest momentsandthe greatest timestimeswe will know itwe will know itmore thaneverthere is a place in the heart thatwill never be filledandwe will waitandwaitin that space.”―Charles bukowski
“It takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.”―Fyodor Dostoyevsky,Crime and Punishment
“Man is the cruelest animal.”―Friedrich Nietzsche
“Instructions for living a life.Pay attention.Be astonished.Tell about it.”―Mary Oliver
“When we are young, the words are scattered all around us. As they are assembled by experience, so also are we, sentence by sentence, until the story takes shape.”―Louise Erdrich,The Plague of Doves
“The soul is healed by being with children.”―Fyodor Dostoevsky
“Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws.”―Douglas Adams,Mostly Harmless
“Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.”―Langston Hughes
“A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.”―Jean de La Fontaine,Fables
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”―Norman Vincent Peale
“You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.”―Maya Angelou
“Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires.”―William Shakespeare,Macbeth
“She feels in italics and thinks in CAPITALS.”―Henry James
“You’ll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.”―Dr. Seuss,I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!
“I write to give myself strength. I write to be the characters that I am not. I write to explore all the things I'm afraid of. ”―Joss Whedon
“It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live.”―Victor Hugo,Les Misérables
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.”―Walt Whitman
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.”―Helen Keller,The Open Door
“The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances.”―Agatha Christie,Murder on the Orient Express
“Marriage can wait, education cannot.”―Khaled Hosseini,A Thousand Splendid Suns
“You deal with mythological stuff for a few years, you learn that paradises are usually places where you get killed.”―Rick Riordan,The Battle of the Labyrinth
“Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.”―Lauren Conrad
“Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters”―Albert Einstein
“If no one cares for you at all, do you even really exist?”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Prince
“The water hears and understands. The ice does not forgive.”―Leigh Bardugo,Six of Crows
“Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.”―Henry Thomas Buckle
“There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that receives it.”―Edith Wharton
“There must be something in books, something we can’t imagine, to make a woman stay in a burning house; there must be something there. You don’t stay for nothing.”―Ray Bradbury,Fahrenheit 451
“The thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make you lonely.”―Lorraine Hansberry
“I know it's wrong - God, it's all kinds of wrong - but I just want to lie down with you and wake up with you, just once, just once ever in my life.”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“Anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.'”―Isaac Asimov
“There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches.”―Ray Bradbury
“Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.”―Steven Spielberg
“Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.”―Oscar Wilde
“I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.”―Steve Maraboli,Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“You will lose what you value most, so treasure it while you can.”―Richelle Mead,Shadow Kiss
“I hate men who are afraid of women's strength.”―Anaïs Nin,Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love": The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin, 1931-1932
“There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls. ”―George Carlin
“You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.”―Pat  Monahan
“I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“Laughter is wine for the soul - laughter soft, or loud and deep, tinged through with seriousness - the hilarious declaration made by man that life is worth living.”―Sean O'Casey
“Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.”―Oscar Wilde
“If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good.”―Dr. Seuss
“Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.”―Napoleon Bonaparte
“All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same.”―Marilyn Monroe
“The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.”―Barack Obama
“We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.”―J.K. Rowling,Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination
“I got schooled this yearbyaboy.A boy that I'mseriously, deeply, madly, incredibly, and undeniablyinlovewith.And he taught me the most important thing ofall...To put theemphasisOnlife.”―Colleen Hoover,Slammed
“Watch out for intellect,because it knows so much it knows nothingand leaves you hanging upside down,mouthing knowledge as your heartfalls out of your mouth.”―Anne Sexton,The Complete Poems
“Only you can control your future.”―Dr. Seuss
“It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do.”―Jane Austen,Sense and Sensibility
“Freedom lies in being bold.”―Robert Frost
“I don't go out with strangers," I said."Good thing I do. I'll pick you up at five.”―Becca Fitzpatrick,Hush, Hush
“There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them.But they are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.”―Paulo Coelho,The Fifth Mountain
“A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.”―Roald Dahl,The Twits
“I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.”―Herman Melville,Moby-Dick or, The Whale
“Fire-breathing bitch-queen.”―Sarah J. Maas,Queen of Shadows
“It is better, I think, to grab at the stars than to sit flustered because you know you cannot reach them.”―R.A. Salvatore,Sojourn
“I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.”―Albert Camus,L'Étranger
“It's so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.”―John Steinbeck,The Winter of Our Discontent
“Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?”―John Keats,Letters of John Keats
“The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.”―Rachel Carson
“He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.”―Confucius
“If someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody I love, I would eat them. I might end up in jail for 500 years, but I would eat them.”―Johnny Depp
“How long was I asleep?" she whispered. He didn't respond."How long was I asleep?" she asked again, and noticed a hint of red in his cheeks."You were asleep, too?""Until you began drooling on my shoulder.”―Sarah J. Maas,Throne of Glass
“A well-composed book is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in any other way.”―Caroline Gordon
“Sometimes love means letting go when you want to hold on tighter.”―Melissa Marr,Ink Exchange
“I decided as long as I'm going to hell, I might as well do it thoroughly.”―Stephenie Meyer,Twilight
“Literature is a textually transmitted disease, normally contracted in childhood.”―Jane Yolen,Touch Magic: Fantasy, Faerie & Folklore in the Literature of Childhood
“Be glad. Be good. Be brave.”―Eleanor Hodgman Porter
“When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.”―Abraham Lincoln
“To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life.”―T.S. Eliot,The Use of Poetry and the Use of Criticism
“The past is never where you think you left it.”―Katherine Anne Porter
“This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.”―Taylor Swift
“ليس هناك كتابا أقرأه و لا أستفيد منه شيئا جديدا ، فحتى الكتاب التافه أستفيد من قراءته ، أني تعلمت شيئا جديدا هو ما هي التفاهة ؟ و كيف يكتب الكتاب التافهون ؟ و فيم يفكرون ؟”―عباس محمود العقاد
“You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.”―Jack London
“Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.”―Alan Alda
“Never miss a good chance to shut up.”―Will Rogers
“We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness.”―George Orwell,1984
“There are much worse games to play.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“My life has a superb cast, but I cannot figure out the plot.”―Ashleigh Brilliant
“When people say impossible, they usually mean improbable.”―Leigh Bardugo,Siege and Storm
“Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart”―Eleanor Roosevelt
“If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way.”―Seamus Heaney,Stepping Stones: Interviews with Seamus Heaney
“The longer I live, the more I observe that carrying around anger is the most debilitating to the person who bears it.”―Katharine Graham
“We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate.”―Amy Tan,The Hundred Secret Senses
“When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again.”―Albert Einstein
“The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.”―Fyodor Dostoyevsky,The Brothers Karamazov
“When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears.”―Albert Camus,A Happy Death
“The best way out is always through.”―Robert Frost
“I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.”―Laura Ingalls Wilder
“Behind this mask there is more than just flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea... and ideas are bulletproof.”―Alan Moore,V for Vendetta
“The thing I realize is, that it's not what you take, it's what you leave.”―Jennifer Niven,All the Bright Places
“Look at everything always as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time: Thus is your time on earth filled with glory.”―Betty Smith,A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
“Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth.”―Albert Camus
“A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“It stops here. With me and you. It ends with us.”―Colleen Hoover,It Ends with Us
“In one aspect, yes, I believe in ghosts, but we create them. We haunt ourselves.”―Laurie Halse Anderson,Wintergirls
“All thinking men are atheists.”―Ernest Hemingway,A Farewell to Arms
“When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?”―Virginia Woolf
“Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.”―Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
“I think there should be a rule that everyone in the world should get a standing ovation at least once in their lives.”―R.J. Palacio,Wonder
“I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one.”―Marilyn Monroe
“Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.”―Mark Twain
“But how could you live and have no story to tell?”―Fyodor Dostoevsky,White Nights
“And Lot's wife, of course, was told not to look back where all those people and their homes had been. But she did look back, and I love her for that, because it was so human. So she was turned into a pillar of salt. So it goes.”―Kurt Vonnegut,Slaughterhouse-Five
“If books could have more, give more, be more, show more, they would still need readers who bring to them sound and smell and light and all the rest that can’t be in books.The book needs you.”―Gary Paulsen,The Winter Room
“I guess that's what saying good-bye is always like--like jumping off an edge. The worst part is making the choice to do it. Once you're in the air, there's nothing you can do but let go.”―Lauren Oliver,Before I Fall
“Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.”―Cheris Kramarae
“What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right.”―Albert Einstein
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.”―Walt Disney
“Well-read people are less likely to be evil.”―Lemony Snicket,The Slippery Slope
“There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Hobbit
“Another belief of mine: that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.”―Margaret Atwood,Cat’s Eye
“I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”―Roy T. Bennett
“Well, she's not responding to my advances," he observed more brightly than he felt, "so she must be dead.""Or she's a woman of good taste and sense.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“For to know a man's library is, in some measure, to know his mind.”―Geraldine Brooks,March
“Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.”―Aldous Huxley
“If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.”―Emily Dickinson
“I know how devastated you must be to miss me, but leave a message, and I'll try to ease your agony”―Richelle Mead,Blood Promise
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ”―Walt Disney
“Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.”―W.E.B. DuBois
“The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.”―Maya Angelou
“Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.”―Mae West
“God alert!" Blackjack yelled. "It's the wine dude!Mr. D sighed in exasperation. "The next person, or horse, who calls me the 'wine dude' will end up in a bottle of Merlot!”―Rick Riordan,The Titan’s Curse
“Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.”―Anais Nin
“How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and heightMy soul can reach”―Elizabeth Barrett Browning
“There's a bluebird in my heart that wants to get outbut I'm too tough for him,I say, stay in there, I'm not going to let anybody see you.”―Charles Bukowski
“Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly;Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?'Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land;Man got to tell himself he understand.”―Kurt Vonnegut,Cat’s Cradle
“Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them”―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,The Little Prince
“Talking to a drunk person was like talking to an extremely happy, severely brain-damaged three-year-old.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.”―Marilyn Monroe
“No good deed goes unpunished.”―Oscar Wilde
“What is straight? A line can be straight, or a street, but the human heart, oh, no, it's curved like a road through mountains.”―Tennessee Williams,A Streetcar Named Desire
“Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.”―Terry Pratchett,Reaper Man
“He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.”―Gabriel García Márquez,Love in the Time of Cholera
“Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.”―Zig Ziglar,Raising Positive Kids in a Negative World
“District 12: Where you can starve to death in safety.”―Suzanne Collins,The Hunger Games
“Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got.”―Philip José Farmer
“The unfed mind devours itself.”―Gore Vidal
“I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become.”―Carl Gustav Jung
“Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation.""I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.”―Charlotte Brontë ,Jane Eyre
“It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.”―George Orwell,1984
“Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.”―G.K. Chesterton
“Forgive me, for all the things I did but mostly for the ones that I did not.”―Donna Tartt,The Secret History
“With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.”―Margaret Mitchell
“Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face - I know it's an impossibility, but I cannot help myself.”―Nicholas Sparks,Message in a Bottle
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“Nobody gets everything in this life. You decide your priorities and you make your choices. I'd decided long ago that any cake I had would be eaten.”―Donald E. Westlake,Two Much
“Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each.”―Plato
“I am a forest, and a night of dark trees: but he who is not afraid of my darkness, will find banks full of roses under my cypresses.”―Friedrich Nietzsche,Thus Spoke Zarathustra
“Now that she had nothing to lose, she was free.”―Paulo Coelho,Eleven Minutes
“What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.”―C. S. Lewis
“It is not the length of life, but the depth.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.”―David Henry Hwang,M. Butterfly
“I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it.”―Taylor Swift
“Life is a mirror: if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.”―William Makepeace Thackeray
“I like this place and could willingly waste my time in it.”―William Shakespeare
“She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.”―Jonathan Safran Foer,Everything is Illuminated
“We dream in our waking moments, and walk in our sleep.”―Nathaniel Hawthorne,The Scarlet Letter
“However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?”―Buddha Siddhartha Guatama Shakyamuni
“Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“The sunlight claps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea: what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me?”―Percy Bysshe Shelley
“Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.”―Albert Camus,Notebooks 1935-1942
“Some things in life are out of your control. You can make it a party or a tragedy.”―Nora Roberts,Vision in White
“The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“So light a fire!" Harry choked. "Yes...of course...but there's no wood!" ..."HAVE YOU GONE MAD!" Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT!”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story.”―Daphne du Maurier
“Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.”―Haruki Murakami,Dance Dance Dance
“One should always be drunk. That's all that matters...But with what? With wine, with poetry, or with virtue, as you chose. But get drunk.”―Charles Baudelaire,Paris Spleen
“I decided it is better to scream. Silence is the real crime against humanity.”―Nadezhda Mandelstam,Hope Against Hope
“You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.”―Neil Gaiman,Preludes & Nocturnes
“Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.”―Charles M. Schulz
“If there's one thing I've learned, it's this: We all want everything to be okay. We don't even wish so much for fantastic or marvelous or outstanding. We will happily settle for okay, because most of the time, okay is enough.”―David Levithan,Every Day
“There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.”―Arthur Conan Doyle,The Boscombe Valley Mystery - a Sherlock Holmes Short Story
“The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.”―George R.R. Martin,A Game of Thrones
“Will rolled up his sleeves. "We'll probably have to knock down the door--""Or," said Jem, reaching out and giving the knob a twist, "not."The door swung open onto a rectangle of darkness."Now, that's simply laziness," said Will.”―Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Angel
“To die, it's easy. But you have to struggle for life.”―Art Spiegelman,Maus I: A Survivor's Tale: My Father Bleeds History
“The role of a writer is not to say what we can all say, but what we are unable to say.”―Anais Nin
“Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy”―Ludwig van Beethoven
“That which you believe becomes your world.”―Richard Matheson,What Dreams May Come
“Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.”―Becca Fitzpatrick,Crescendo
“If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn't love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.”―Emily Brontë,Wuthering Heights
“Have you tried talking to her?""No. We've been punching her in the face repeatedly. What? You don't think that will work?”―Cassandra Clare,City of Glass
“You make me want to live, Rowan. Not survive; not exist. Live.”―Sarah J. Maas,Queen of Shadows
“Freedom (n.): To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing.”―Ayn Rand,The Fountainhead
“A girl calls and asks, "Does it hurt very much to die?""Well, sweetheart," I tell her, "yes, but it hurts a lot more to keep living.”―Chuck Palahniuk,Survivor
“But until a person can say deeply and honestly, "I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday," that person cannot say, "I choose otherwise.”―Stephen R. Covey,The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change
“I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.”―Pablo Neruda,100 Love Sonnets
“When you read a book, you hold another's mind in your hands.”―James Burke
“The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.”―Mother Teresa
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.”―Groucho Marx
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.”―Confucius,Confucius: The Analects
“The mountains are calling and I must go.”―John Muir
“When they asked me what I wanted to be I said I didn’t know."Oh, sure you know," the photographer said."She wants," said Jay Cee wittily, "to be everything.”―Sylvia Plath,The Bell Jar
“Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up ’cause they’re looking for ideas.”―Paula Poundstone
“Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else.”―Judy Garland
“Humor is reason gone mad.”―Groucho Marx
“Why do beautiful songs make you sad?' 'Because they aren't true.' 'Never?' 'Nothing is beautiful and true.”―Jonathan Safran Foer,Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
“She looked at nice young men as if she could smell their stupidity.”―Flannery O'Connor
“I guess by now I should know enough about loss to realize that you never really stop missing someone-you just learn to live around the huge gaping hole of their absence.”―Alyson Noel,Evermore
“If you are a student you should always get a good nights sleep unless you have come to the good part of your book, and then you should stay up all night and let your schoolwork fall by the wayside, a phrase which means 'flunk'.”―Lemony Snicket
“In the world I amAlways a strangerI do not understand its languageIt does not understand my silence”―Bei Dao
“Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.”―Mother Teresa
“If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!”―Adolf Hitler
“Sometimes, the best way to help someone is just to be near them.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“But I believe in true love, you know? I don't believe that everybody gets to keep their eyes or not get sick or whatever, but everybody should have true love, and it should last at least as long as your life does.”―John Green,The Fault in Our Stars
“People speak sometimes about the "bestial" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel.”―Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.”―Gilles Deleuze,A Thousand Plateaus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia
“A short story is a different thing altogether – a short story is like a quick kiss in the dark from a stranger.”―Stephen King,Skeleton Crew
“My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.”―Dalai Lama XIV
“Lord, what fools these mortals be!”―William Shakespeare,A Midsummer Night’s Dream
“Sometimes you lose a battle. But mischief always wins the war”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“As long as she thinks of a man, nobody objects to a woman thinking.”―Virginia Woolf,Orlando
“After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations.”―Oscar Wilde,A Woman of No Importance
“I'm always happy," Sasha said. "Sometimes I just forget.”―Jennifer Egan,A Visit from the Goon Squad
“The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.”―Mark Twain
“To survive, you must tell stories.”―Umberto Eco,The Island of the Day Before
“I want everyone to meet you. You're my favorite person of all time.”―Rainbow Rowell,Eleanor & Park
“This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.”―David Nicholls,One Day
“We don’t need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don’ts: we need books, time, and silence.Thou shalt notis soon forgotten, butOnce upon a timelasts forever.”―Philip Pullman
“Because,' she said, 'when you're scared but you still do it anyway,that'sbrave.”―Neil Gaiman,Coraline
“If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.”―Marcus Aurelius,Meditations
“You never know what life is like, until you have lived it.”―Marilyn Monroe
“It's only those who do nothing that make no mistakes, I suppose.”―Joseph Conrad,An Outcast of the Islands
“Reading is like thinking, like praying, like talking to a friend, like expressing your ideas, like listening to other people's ideas, like listening to music, like looking at the view, like taking a walk on the beach.”―Roberto Bolaño,2666
“There are perhaps many causes worth dying for, but to me, certainly, there are none worth killing for.”―Albert Dietrich,Army GI, Pacifist CO: The World War II Letters of Frank Dietrich and Albert Dietrich
“So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?”―Hunter S. Thompson
“There is a saying in Tibetan, 'Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.'No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.”―Dalai Lama XIV
“I feel like someone breathed new air into my lungs. I am not Abnegation. I am not Dauntless.I am Divergent.”―Veronica Roth,Divergent
“It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.”―George Washington
“The Darkling slumped back in his chair. “Fine,” he said with a weary shrug. “Make me your villain.”―Leigh Bardugo,Shadow and Bone
“I hope you find someone you can't live without.I really do. And I hope you never have to know what it's like to have to try and live without them.”―Kiera Cass,The Selection
“Every weirdo in the world is on my wavelength.”―Thomas Pynchon
“We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift.”―Marilyn Monroe
“The mind I love must have wild places.”―Katherine Mansfield
“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.”―Charles Dickens
“To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.”―Mahatma Gandhi
“Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!”―Maya Angelou
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”―Steve Maraboli,Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“Crows remember human faces. They remember the people who feed them, who are kind to them. And the people who wrong them too. They don’t forget. They tell each other who to look after and who to watch out for.”―Leigh Bardugo,Crooked Kingdom
“What is that feeling when you're driving away from people and they recede on the plain till you see their specks dispersing? - it's the too-huge world vaulting us, and it's good-bye. But we lean forward to the next crazy venture beneath the skies.”―Jack Kerouac,On the Road
“Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.”―Anais Nin
“What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.”―Doris Lessing,The Golden Notebook
“Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. ”―Pablo Picasso,Pablo Picasso: Metamorphoses of the Human Form : Graphic Works, 1895-1972
“Poetry is what gets lost in translation.”―Robert Frost
“I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.”―Daniel Keyes,Flowers for Algernon
“Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.”―Confucius
“When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better. ”―Mae West
“Learn the rules, break the rules, make up new rules, break the new rules.”―Marvin Bell
“If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me?”―Maya Angelou
“I'm afraid that sometimes you'll play lonely games too. Games you can't win 'cause you'll play against you.”―Dr. Seuss
“What's up?" I asked.You tell me," he said. "You were the one about ready to start making out with Adrian."It was an experiment," I said. "It was part of my therapy."What the hell kind of therapy are you in?”―Richelle Mead,Shadow Kiss
“History does not always repeat itself. Sometimes it just yells, 'Can't you remember anything I told you?' and lets fly with a club.”―John W. Campbell Jr.
“Oh, we're playing nice now? Shall we have tea first? Brew up a nice pot of kiss-my-ass?”―Julie Kagawa,The Iron King
“To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balancedlife.”―Elizabeth Gilbert,Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything
“We do not remember days, we remember moments.”―Jennifer Niven,All the Bright Places
“Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!”―Mark A. Cooper,Operation Einstein
“May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view.”―Edward Abbey
“Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.”―Oscar Wilde,An Ideal Husband
“True friends are always together in spirit.”―L.M. Montgomery,Anne of Green Gables
“I am going to take this bucket of water and pour it on the flames of hell, and then I am going to use this torch to burn down the gates of paradise so that people will not love God for want of heaven or fear of hell, but because He is God.”―John Green,Looking for Alaska
“You're something between a dream and a miracle.”―Elizabeth Barrett Browning
“The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.”―Napoleon Hill,Think and Grow Rich
“I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.”―Jonathan Safran Foer
“If you want to be happy, be.”―Tolstoy Leo
“Life before Death.Strength before Weakness.Journey before Destination.”―Brandon Sanderson,The Way of Kings
“Never leave a friend behind. Friends are all we have to get us through this life--and they are the only things from this world that we could hope to see in the next.”―Dean Koontz,Fear Nothing
“Poetry is what happens when nothing else can.”―Charles Bukowski
“I am broken and healing, but every piece of my heart belong to you.”―Sarah J. Maas,A Court of Mist and Fury
“Whenever you think or you believe or you know, you're a lot of other people: but the moment you feel, you're nobody-but-yourself.”―e.e. cummings
“Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.”―Ken Kesey,One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
“Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.”―Zora Neale Hurston
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”―Roy T. Bennett,The Light in the Heart
“When we are children we seldom think of the future. This innocence leaves us free to enjoy ourselves as few adults can. The day we fret about the future is the day we leave our childhood behind.”―Patrick Rothfuss,The Name of the Wind
“The sad truth is the truth is sad.”―Lemony Snicket,The Hostile Hospital
“We live as we dream--alone....”―Joseph Conrad,Heart of Darkness
“You have everything needed for the extravagant journey that is your life.”―Carlos Castaneda
“Life is like a prism. What you see depends on how you turn the glass.”―Jonathan Kellerman
“Don't waste your love on somebody, who doesn't value it.”―William Shakespeare,Romeo and Juliet
“My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the heck she is.”―Ellen DeGeneres
“I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.”―Stephen Chbosky,The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“But the Hebrew word, the word timshel—‘Thou mayest’— that gives a choice. It might be the most important word in the world. That says the way is open. That throws it right back on a man. For if ‘Thou mayest’—it is also true that ‘Thou mayest not.”―John Steinbeck,East of Eden
“I'm going to keep going until I succeed — or die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known it for years.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“Don't let the muggles get you down.”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
“Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.”―Albert Einstein
“I know some who are constantly drunk on books as other men are drunk on whiskey.”―H.L. Mencken
“Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.”―Woody Allen
“If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a great deal faster than it does.”―Lewis Caroll,Alice in Wonderland
“I don't want to be married just to be married. I can't think of anything lonelier than spending the rest of my life with someone I can't talk to, or worse, someone I can't be silent with.”―Mary Ann Shaffer,The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
“Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open.”―Rose Wilder Lane
“Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them.”―Edgar Allan Poe
“Silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way.”―Jane Austen,Emma
“Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand”―Hayley Williams
“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.”―Albert Einstein
“Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.”―Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.”―Steve Jobs
“We are always the same age inside. ”―Gertrude Stein
“I didn’t go to religion to make me happy. I always knew a bottle of Port would do that. If you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, I certainly don’t recommend Christianity.”―C. S. Lewis
“Listen up - there's no war that will end all wars.”―Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
“sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love”―Gabriel García Márquez
“I restore myself when I'm alone.”―Marilyn Monroe
“There is no point treating a depressed person as though she were just feeling sad, saying, 'There now, hang on, you'll get over it.' Sadness is more or less like a head cold- with patience, it passes. Depression is like cancer.”―Barbara Kingsolver,The Bean Trees
“It is easy to forget how full the world is of people, full to bursting, and each of them imaginable and consistently misimagined.”―John Green,Paper Towns
“Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.”―James Baldwin
“The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.”―C. JoyBell C.
“This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“People are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of.”―Paulo Coelho,The Alchemist
“Spring is the time of plans and projects.”―Leo Tolstoy,Anna Karenina
“If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?”―George Carlin
“I clench his hands to the point of pain. "Stay with me."His pupils contract to pinpoints, dialate again rapidly, and then return to something resembling normalcy. "Always," he murmurs.”―Suzanne Collins,Mockingjay
“In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity”―Albert Einstein
“Never let anyone make you feel ordinary.”―Taylor Jenkins Reid,The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo
“Push yourself. Don't Settle. Just live well. Just LIVE.”―Jojo Moyes,Me Before You
“If you let people into your life a little bit, they can be pretty damn amazing.”―Sherman Alexie,The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian
“I don't suffer from my insanity -- I enjoy every minute of it.”―Sherrilyn Kenyon,Dance with the Devil
“Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent. To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring--it was peace.”―Milan Kundera
“So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.”―E.A. Bucchianeri,Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
“Threats are the last resort of a man with no vocabulary.”―Tamora Pierce,Lady Knight
“Nothing on earth can make up for the loss of one who has loved you.”―Selma Lagerlöf
“I'm not a religious person but I do sometimes think God made you for me.”―Sally Rooney,Normal People
“Holding people away from you, and denying yourself love, that doesn't make you strong. if anything, it makes you weaker. Because you're doing it out of fear.”―Sarah Dessen,This Lullaby
“Question everything. Your love, your religion, your passion. If you don't have questions, you'll never find answers.”―Colleen Hoover,Slammed
“One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.”―Lewis Carroll
“I like it when a flower or a little tuft of grass grows through a crack in the concrete. It's so fuckin' heroic.”―George Carlin
“What do you fear, lady?" [Aragorn] asked."A cage," [Éowyn] said. "To stay behind bars, until use and old age accept them, and all chance of doing great deeds is gone beyond recall or desire.”―J.R.R. Tolkien,The Return of the King
“Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.”―Robert Frost
“Never attempt to teach a pig to sing; it wastes your time and annoys the pig.”―Robert Heinlein,Time Enough for Love
“People, generally, suck.”―Christopher Moore,The Stupidest Angel: A Heartwarming Tale of Christmas Terror
“How happy is the blameless vestal’s lot!The world forgetting, by the world forgot.Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind!Each pray’r accepted, and each wish resign’d”―Alexander Pope,Eloisa to Abelard
“All humans make mistakes. What determines a person's character aren't the mistakes we make. It's how we take those mistakes and turn them into lessons rather than excuses.”―Colleen Hoover,It Ends with Us
“I address you all tonight for who you truly are: wizards, mermaids, travelers, adventurers, and magicians. You are the true dreamers.”―Brian Selznick,The Invention of Hugo Cabret
“The thought of suicide is a great consolation: by means of it one gets through many a dark night.”―Nietzsche
“You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don't recall them more clearly in times of great trouble?”―J.K. Rowling,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
“A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?”―Albert Einstein
